31 d�cembre, rue du
aal
abb forschungszentrum
afg arena
amat, rue jean-charles
aarberg, rue d'
aarbergergasse
aarbergstrasse
aarefeldstrasse
aarequai
aarestrasse
aargauerstrasse
aarstrasse
abbaye, chemin de l'
abeggweg
abeilles, chemin des
abendrain
abendruh
abendstrasse
abendweg
aberli, rue johann-
aberlistrasse
acacias, avenue des
acacias, rue des
acad�mie, rue de l'
achilles bischoff-strasse
achslenstrasse
achslenweg
ackeretstrasse
ackermannstrasse
ackersteinstrasse
ackerstrasse
ackerweg
adam-friedrich-molz-gasse
adam-g�uffi-strasse
adetswilerstrasse
adlerberg
adlerbergstrasse
adlerstrasse
adligenswilerstrasse
adlisbergstrasse
administration
adolf-l�chinger-strasse
ador, quai gustave-
aebi, rue alfred-
aebistrasse
aeckerwiesenstrasse
aegerten, rue d'
aegertenstrasse
aehrenweg
aemmerliweg
aemmetweg
aemtlerstrasse
aeneas silvius-strasse
aeplistrasse
aepliweg
aeschaustrasse
aeschengraben
aeschenplatz
aeschenvorstadt
aescherstrasse
aetschbergstrasse
aeussere ringstrasse
aeusserer berg
aeusserer sonnenweg
aeusseres hofg�sslein
affolternstrasse
agasse, rue
agassiz, avenue
agassiz, rue louis-
agleistrasse
agnesstrasse
ahornstieg
ahornstrasse
ahornweg
ain, avenue de l'
airolostrasse
akazienstrasse
albanistrasse
albert schweitzer-strasse
albert schweitzer-weg
albert-anker-weg
albert-galeer-weg
albert-schneider-weg
albertstrasse
albisriederplatz
albisriederstrasse
albisstrasse
albrecht-haller-strasse
albrechtstrasse
albulastrasse
alderstrasse
ale, rue de l'
alemannengasse
alemannensteig
alemannenstrasse
alexander-moser-strasse
alexander-sch�ni-strasse
alexandraweg
alfred-aebi-strasse
alfred-b�chi-weg
alfred-escher-strasse
alfred-strebel-weg
algierstrasse
alleestrasse
alleeweg
allenbergstrasse
allenmoosstrasse
allenwindenring
allenwindenstrasse
allinges, chemin des
alli�res, avenue des
alli�res, chemin des
allmannstrasse
allmendingenallee
allmendingenstrasse
allmendstrasse
allmendweg
allschwilerplatz
allschwilerstrasse
all�e, rue de l'
all�es, les
alouettes, chemin des
alpeneggstrasse
alpenquai
alpenstrasse
alpes, avenue des
alpes, place des
alpes, promenade des
alpes, rue des
alpsteinstrasse
alpsteinweg
alte feldeggstrasse
alte gasse
alte gockhauserstrasse
alte kalchb�hlstrasse
alte m�hlackerstrasse
alte neuburgstrasse
alte notariatsstrasse
alte r�merstrasse
altenbergrain
altenbergstrasse
altenhofstrasse
altenwegenstrasse
alter aargauerstalden
alter bahnhof letten
altersheim notkerianum
altersheim staffelnhof
altersheim unterl�chli
althoossteig
althoosstrasse
altkircherstrasse
altmannstrasse
altmannweg
altrheinweg
altstetterplatz
altstetterstrasse
altweg
altwiesenstrasse
altwinkelnstrasse
am bach
am bachgraben
am bahndamm
am buck
am b�rtli
am eulachpark
am glattbogen
am guggenberg
am hechtplatz
am holbrig
am h�nggerberg
am iberghang
am katzenbach
am krayenrain
am kreuzliberg
am lendenbach
am luchsgraben
am marktplatz
am oeschbrig
am rain
am rank
am rosenberg
am schanzengraben
am sch�tzenweiher
am suteracher
am umschlagbahnhof
am wald
am wasser
am wettingertobel
amandiers, rue des
amandolier, avenue de l'
amazonenstrasse
amazonenweg
amelenweg
amerbachstrasse
amez-droz, rue josu�
amiel, rue henri-fr�d�ric
amietstrasse
amis, rue des
ampelngasse
amp�restrasse
amselstrasse
amselweg
amsler-laffon-strasse
amthaus
amthausgasse
amthausg�sschen
amtshaus
an der hohlen gasse
an der specki
an der kleinen emme
ancien-h�tel-de-ville
ancien-port, rue de l'
ancien-stand, ch. de l'
ancienne-douane, rue
anciens-moulins, ch. des
andlauerstrasse
andreas heusler-strasse
andreasplatz
andreasstrasse
anemonenstrasse
anemonenweg
angelikaweg
angensteinerstrasse
angererstrasse
ankengasse
ankenweid
anker, chemin albert-
ankerstrasse
anna-heer-strasse
anna-neumann-gasse
anna-seiler-haus
ansermet, all�e ernest-
ansermet, quai ernest-
anshelmstrasse
antenne lerchenfeldstr.
antenne pus-raum
antenne sbb tc raum
antenne sch�nb�hl
antenne warmb�chliweg
antenne zweibruggenm�hle
anton-graff-strasse
anton-higi-strasse
antonio, piazza sant'
antonio, via sant'
antoniusstrasse
anwandstrasse
anwilerstrasse
aoste, avenue d'
aoste, rue d'
apfelbaumstrasse
apfelbergweg
apfelweg
apollostrasse
appenzellerstrasse
appia, avenue
appiani, via luigi
appiani, vicolo
aprikosenstrasse
aprikosenweg
arabienstrasse
arbedostrasse
arbentalstrasse
arbenzstrasse
arbergstrasse
arbivecchio, via
arbres, rue des
arc-en-ciel, rue de l'
architecturale
archivstrasse
archplatz
archstrasse
arcioni, via
argand, rue
argand, rue emile-
argent, rue de l'
ariana, avenue de l'
arianestrasse
arlaud, place marc-louis-
arlesheimerstrasse
armandweg
armee ausbildungszentrum
armes, rue des
armin-bollinger-weg
arminstrasse
arnikaweg
arnold b�cklin-strasse
arosastrasse
arpenteurs, rue des
arquebuse, rue de l'
arri�re, rue
arrosoir-rouge, rue de l'
arsenal, rue de l'
arsenalstrasse
arterstrasse
artilleriestrasse
artisans, rue des
artore, via
artore, via scalinata
arvenweg
ar�ni�res, quai des
ar�tes, impasse des
asconastrasse
asilo, via
askaniastrasse
aspholzstrasse
aspstrasse
aspweg
asternweg
asters, rue des
asterweg
asylstrasse
asylweg
ath�n�e, rue de l'
attenhoferstrasse
attinghausenstrasse
auberg
aubert, avenue louis-
aubrigstrasse
aubruggweg
aub�pine, rue de l'
aub�pines, chemin des
auchenweg
auenrainstrasse
auf hirtenhof
auf musegg
auf p�nten
auf weinbergli
auf dem damm
auf dem hummel
auf dem wolf
auf der alp
auf der egg
auf der lyss
auf der mauer
auf der platte
augenklinik
augsterweg
august-forel-strasse
augustinergasse
augustinerhof
augustins, place des
auhofstrasse
aulnes, chemin des
aurorastrasse
aurore, rue de l'
aurore, ruelle de l'
ausserdorfstrasse
ausstellungsstrasse
austrasse
autobahnrastst�tte basel/
auweg
auwiesenstrasse
auzelg
avant-poste, avenue de l'
avelines, chemin des
avenir, avenue de l'
avenir, rue de l'
avenue a.piccard
axensteinstrasse
azalee, vicolo delle
azurstrasse
a�re, avenue d'
bac
bb
bc
bch
bep
bfsh
bib
billon, ruelle jean-m.
bra
bs
bsp
bud
bacheggliweg
bachelin, rue auguste-
bachlettenstrasse
bachmannweg
bachmattstrasse
bachmattweg
bachofenstrasse
bachofnerstrasse
bachstieg
bachstrasse
bachtalsteig
bachtalstrasse
bachtelstrasse
bachtelweg
bachtobelstrasse
bachweidstrasse
bachweidweg
bachwiesenstrasse
bacilieri, carrale
bacilieri, via carlo
bacilieri, via capitano
badenerstrasse
badenstrasse
badenweilerstrasse
badergasse
baderstrasse
badgasse
badhausstrasse
badstrasse
bahnhaldenstrasse
bahnhof
bahnhof enge
bahnhof sbb
bahnhof shopping
bahnhof-halle sihlquai
bahnhof-shopping
bahnhofbr�cke
bahnhofhalle
bahnhofpassage
bahnhofplatz
bahnhofplatzunterf�hrung
bahnhofquai
bahnhofstrasse
bahnh�heweg
bahnmeisterweg
bahnstrasse
bahnweg
baillive, rue de la
bains, avenue des
bains, chemin des
bains, rue des
balance, rue de la
balancier, rue du
balberstrasse
baldachin bahnhofplatz
baldegg
baldegg rymann
baldeggerstrasse
baldeggstrasse
balderngasse
balderstrasse
balestra, via serafino
balgriststrasse
balgristweg
ballerini, via francesco
balli, via attilio
balli, viale francesco
balmat, rue jacques-
balmerstrasse
balmetta, via
balmweg
balthasarstrasse
balthasarweg
baltzerstrasse
bancels, chemin des
bankgasse
bankg�sschen
bankg�ssli
bankstrasse
banneret, rue du
bannwartweg
banque, ruelle de la
bantigerstrasse
bantigerweg
barbara-reinhart-strasse
barbarastrasse
barberine, chemin de
barcelona-strasse
barf�ssergasse
barf�sserplatz
barkenweg
baroffio, via
barques, chemin des
barques, rue des
barraud, rue maurice-
barre, rue de la
barri�res, rue des
bartenheimerstrasse
bartholoni, rue jean-f.
bartolom�, chemin
bartolom�usweg
barton, rue
bas, ruelle du
bas-monsieur
baschligplatz
baselstrasse
basilica, via alla
baslerstrasse
basse, rue
bassets, rue des
bassin, rue du
basteiplatz
bastions, cours des
bastions, promenade des
bastoria, via vilibaldo
bateli�re, chemin de la
battenberg, chemin du
battenbergweg
battieux, rue des
battoirs, rue des
baud-bovy, passage daniel
baudit, rue
bauhallengasse
bauherrenstrasse
bauhofstrasse
baulacre, rue
baumackerstrasse
baumettes, chemin des
baumgarten
baumgartenn
baumgartenrain
baumgartenstrasse
baumgartenweg
baumgasse
baumhaldenstrasse
baumschulstrasse
baurstrasse
bausch�nzli
bautte, rue
bazzi, via don carlo
beatengasse
beatenplatz
beatriceweg
beatusstrasse
beau-c�dre, chemin de
beau-rivage, chemin de
beau-site, chemin
beau-site, rue
beau-site, rue de
beau-soleil, chemin de
beau-s�jour, avenue de
beau-s�jour, rue
beau-temps, rue du
beau-val, chemin de
beaulieu, avenue de
beaulieu, chemin de
beaulieurain
beaulieustrasse
beaulieuweg
beaumont, avenue de
beaumont, chemin de
beaumontweg
beauregard
beauregard, avenue
beauregard, rue
beauregard, rue de
beaux-arts, rue des
bechburgerstrasse
beckeng�sschen
beckenhaldenstrasse
beckenhofstrasse
beckenstrasse
beckenstube
beckenw�ldli
beckhammer
bedastrasse
bederstrasse
bedrettostrasse
beethovenstrasse
begonienstrasse
begonienweg
beim buremichelskopf
beim goldenen l�wen
beim letziturm
beim wasserturm
beinwilerstrasse
bel-air, chemin de
bel-air, escaliers de
bel-air, place
bel-air, place de
bel-air, route de
bel-air, rue de
bel-air-weg
bel-orne, chemin de
belairstrasse
belchenstrasse
belforterstrasse
bellariarain
bellariastrasse
bellavista, via
belle-combe, chemin de
belle-rose, passage
belle-source, chemin de
bellefontaine, rue
bellerive, chemin de
bellerive, place de
belleriveh�he
bellerivematte
bellerivestrasse
belleroche, chemin de
belles-roches, avenue
bellevaux, avenue de
bellevue, avenue de
bellevue, chemin de
bellevue, rue de
bellevueplatz
bellevuestrasse
bellingerweg
bellinzonastrasse
bellot, rue fran�ois-
belmont, avenue de
belmont, chemin de
belmonthoux, chemin de
belpstrasse
belsitostrasse
belsoggiorno, passaggio
belsoggiorno, via
beltrami, via g. battista
belvedere
belvedere, via
belv�d�re, rue du
benatzkyweg
bendicht-rechberger-str.
benedikt-fontana-weg
benkenstrasse
bennenegg
benteliweg
berchtoldstrasse
bercles, escalier des
bercles, rue des
bergacker
bergackerstrasse
bergalingerstrasse
bergalonne, rue
bergblumenstrasse
bergellerstrasse
bergerie, chemin de la
bergers, chemin des
bergfeld, chemin du
bergfeldweg
berghaldenplatz
berghaldenstrasse
berghaldenweg
berghaus, chemin du
berghausweg
bergheim
bergheimstrasse
bergi�res, avenue
berglistrasse
bergliweg
bergluftweg
bergstrasse
bergues, place des
bergues, quai des
bergwiesen
berme, rue de la
bermenstrasse
bernardino, via san
bernardo, monte san
bernardo, salita san
bernardo, via san
bernastrasse
berne, route de
berne, rue de
berneggstrasse
berneggweg
bernerhof
bernerring
bernerstrasse
bernerstrasse nord
bernerstrasse s�d
bernerweg
bernhard-jaeggi-weg
bernhardswiesstrasse
bernhardswiesweg
berninaplatz
berninastrasse
bernoullistrasse
bernstrasse
berntorgasse
bertastrasse
berthoud, rue l�on-
berthoudes, rue des
bertoni, via brenno
bertrand, avenue alfred-
bertschikerstrasse
besenrainstrasse
besenrainweg
bessi�res, pont
bethesda spital
bethlehemstrasse
bettenstrasse
bettingerweg
betty bossi
beuggenstrasse
beulet, rue du
beundenfeldstrasse
beundenweg
beustweg
bezanson, quai hugues-
biagio, salita san
biagio, via san
biagio, vicolo san
bianca, sentiero pernice
biascastrasse
biaufond, rue de
biberlinstrasse
bibliothekg�sschen
biblioth�que
biblioth�que centrale
biderstrasse
bielacker
bieneng�sslein
bienenstrasse
bierh�beliweg
bierigutstrasse
bildstrasse
bildweiherstrasse
bille, rue avocat-
billenbergstrasse
billenbergweg
billens, escaliers de
billeterstrasse
billeweg
billoweg
billrothstrasse
billrothweg
bim zytglogge
binderweg
binningerstrasse
binzackerstrasse
binzallee
binzenstrasse
binzhof
binzhofstrasse
binzm�hlestrasse
binzring
binzstrasse
binzwiesenstrasse
biologie
bionstrasse
birchd�rfli
birchsteg
birchstrasse
birchwaldstrasse
birchweg
biregghalde
biregghang
biregghofstrasse
bireggring
bireggstrasse
birkenstrasse
birkenweg
birmannsgasse
birmensdorferstrasse
birnbaumstrasse
birnb�umenstrasse
birnenweg
birreria, via
birseckstrasse
birsfelderstrasse
birsig-parkplatz
birsigstrasse
birskopfweglein
birsstrasse
bischofk�nelweg
biserhofstrasse
bitzistrasse
bitziusstrasse
bizot, chemin
blaise-cendrars, place
blaketen
blanc, avenue
blanche, rue
blanvalet, rue henri-
blarerstrasse
blattenmoosstrasse
blatterstrasse
blauensteinerstrasse
blauenstrasse
blauerweg
blaufahnenstrasse
blaumeisliweg
blautraubenstrasse
blau�cker
bleicheplatz
bleicherstrasse
bleicherweg
bleichestrasse
bleu, chemin
bleulerstrasse
bloch, rue ernest-
blochmonterstrasse
blockweg
blotzheimerstrasse
blotzheimerweg
bluets, chemin des
blumenaustrasse
blumenbergplatz
blumenbergstrasse
blumenfeldstrasse
blumengasse
blumeng�sschen
blumenrain
blumensteinstrasse
blumenstrasse
blumenweg
bluntschlisteig
bl�, rue du
bl�mlimattweg
bl�mlisalpstrasse
bl�riotweg
bl�sihofstrasse
bl�siring
bl�sistrasse
bl�tenstrasse
bl�uerstrasse
bocciodromo
bochardon, chemin de
bocion, passage fran�ois-
bockhornstrasse
bocklerstrasse
bocksrietstieg
bocksrietstrasse
bocksrietweg
bodanstrasse
bodenacker
bodenhof
bodenhof-terrasse
bodenhofstrasse
bodenstrasse
bodenweg
bodmerstrasse
bogenstrasse
bohl
bohnacherstrasse
boine, chauss�e de la
boine, chemin de la
boinod
bois chandelar, chemin
bois de cery
bois, rue des
bois-couchant
bois-gentil, chemin du
bois-gentil, rue du
bois-noir, rue du
bois-de-vaux, chemin du
bois-de-la-fontaine, ch.
bois-du-couvent
boisserette, chemin de la
boissonnet, chemin de
boisy, chemin du
bolistrasse
bolla, via arnaldo
bolleystrasse
bolligenstrasse
bollstrasse
bollweilerstrasse
bollwerk
bollwerk-promenade
bolrebenweg
bolstrasse
bombachhalde
bombachsteig
bombachstrasse
bon-abri, chemin de
bonergasse
bonfolstrasse
bonivard, rue fran�ois-
bonne-esp�rance, ch. de
bonne-fontaine, passage
bonnet, rue charles-
bons, rue jean-louis-de-
bonstettenstrasse
bonzanigo, via fulgenzio
bonzanigo, via g.m.
bon�, carrale
boppartshofstrasse
boppartshofweg
boppartstrasse
boracles, chemin des
borde, rue de la
bordeaux-strasse
bordier, avenue henri-
borel, rue erhard-
borges, rue jorge-luis
borghese, via
bornan, all�e du
bornweg
borromini, via francesco
borrweg
bosco, via del
bosquets, chemin des
bosshardeng�sschen
bossi, via
bossons, chemin des
boston, chemin de
bostudenstrasse
botteghen, sentiero del
bottigenstrasse
boucherie, rue de la
boucheries, passage des
bouchers, chemin des
bouchet, avenue du
bouchet, carrefour du
bouchet, rue paul-
bougillons, passage des
boujean, rue de
boulangerie, rue de la
bouleaux, chemin des
bouleaux, rue des
bourg, rue de
bourg, rue du
bourg, ruelle de
bourg-de-four, place du
bourgogne, rue de
bourguet, rue louis-
bourguignons, chemin des
bourquin, rue david-p.-
bourse, rue de la
bout-du-monde, route du
bouvier, rue paul-
bouvreuils, chemin des
boverattes, chemin des
boveresses, avenue des
bovetstrasse
bovy-lysberg, rue
brahmsstrasse
brahmsweg
braillard, rue maurice-
bram-van-velde, chemin
bramantino, via
bramantino, via del
brambergh�he
brambergrain
brambergsteig
brambergstrasse
brandards, chemin des
brandg�ssli
brandschenkesteig
brandschenkestrasse
brandstrasse
brandt, rue jacob-
brandt, rue paul-emile-
brantgasse
brauereistrasse
brauerstrasse
brechbuhl, rue marie-
brechb�hlerstrasse
breguet, rue abram-louis-
breguet,rue abram-louis-
breisacherstrasse
breiteholzstrasse
breitenaustrasse
breitenlachenstrasse
breitenlooweg
breitenrainplatz
breitenrainstrasse
breitensteinstrasse
breitenweg
breitestieg
breitestrasse
breiteweg
breitfeldstrasse
breitingerstrasse
breitistrasse
breitmatt
breitwiesenstrasse
bremgartenstrasse
bremgartnerstrasse
brennerstrasse
brenntrainstrasse
brenntweg
breton, ruelle
breuil, rue du
bridel, chemin gustav-
bridelstrasse
briefeinwurf spittelerstr
brillancourt, chemin de
brinerstrasse
briquet, chemin
brisenweg
brisgistrasse
brisiweg
bristenstrasse
bristenweg
brombacherstrasse
brotgasse
brown boveri platz
brown boveri strasse
brown-boveri-strasse
broye, route de
bruchmatthalde
bruchmattrain
bruchmattstrasse
bruchstrasse
bruderhausstrasse
bruderholzallee
bruderholzrain
bruderholzstrasse
bruderholzweg
bruderh�flistrasse
bruderwies
bruderwiesweg
bruggerstrasse
bruggerweg
bruggstrasse
bruggwaldpark
bruggwaldstrasse
bruggwiesenweg
brunari, via
brunaustrasse
bruneggweg
bruni, via ernesto
brunnackerstrasse
brunnackerweg
brunnadernrain
brunnadernstrasse
brunneggstrasse
brunnenbergstrasse
brunnengasse
brunnenhofstrasse
brunnenhofweg
brunnerstrasse
brunngasse
brunngasshalde
brunng�sslein
brunnhalde
brunnhofweg
brunnmattstrasse
brunnwiesenstrasse
bruy�re, chemin de la
bruy�re, rue de la
bruy�res, chemin des
br�ckenstrasse
br�ckfeldstrasse
br�derhofweg
br�elstrasse
br�gg, route de
br�gglerweg
br�ggligasse
br�ggli�cker
br�ggmattenweg
br�ggstrasse
br�glingen
br�glingerhof
br�glingerstrasse
br�guet, chemin louis-
br�hlbergstrasse
br�hlbleichestrasse
br�hlgartenstrasse
br�hlgasse
br�hlmoos
br�hlstrasse
br�hltor-passage
br�hlweg
br�nigstrasse
br�nigweg
br�nnackerstrasse
br�nneliacker
br�nnelih�hestrasse
br�nnenstrasse
br�sselstrasse
br�ttenweg
br�vards, rue des
bubenberg, rue
bubenberg-strasse
bubenbergplatz
bubenbergrain
bubenbergstrasse
buchackerstrasse
buchbergstrasse
buchdruckerweg
bucheggplatz
bucheggstrasse
bucheggweg
buchenstrasse
buchentalstrasse
buchenweg
buchfinkenstrasse
buchfinkenweg
buchgrindelstrasse
buchholzrain
buchholzstrasse
buchlernstrasse
buchmattweg
buchr�tiweg
buchserstrasse
buchsteig
buchstrasse
buchsweg
buchthalerstrasse
buchwaldstrasse
buchweg
buchwiesen
buchzelgstrasse
buchzelgweg
buckhauserstrasse
buckmatte
buechallme
buetti, via avvocato
buffi, piazza giuseppe
buggenringen
bugnon, rue du
buhnrain
buhnstrasse
buis, rue des
buisson, chemin
buissonni�re, ch. de la
buissons, ruelle des
bulles, les
bullingerplatz
bullingerstrasse
bundesbahnweg
bundesgasse
bundeshaus
bundesplatz
bundesrain
bundesstrasse
bundesterrasse
bungertweg
bungestrasse
buobenmatt
burckhardtstrasse
burenb�chelstrasse
burenweg
burg
burgdorfholzstrasse
burgerheim
burgernzielrain
burgernzielweg
burgerstrasse
burgfelderstrasse
burgfeldweg
burggasse
burggraben
burgg�tliweg
burghaldenstrasse
burgstrasse
burgunderstrasse
burgunderweg
burgweg
burgweiherweg
buristrasse
burriweg
burstwiesenstrasse
buschweilerweg
bustelli, via f.a.
butini, rue
butzenstrasse
byfangweg
b�chel
b�chelackerstrasse
b�chelstrasse
b�chlerstrasse
b�chlimatt
b�chlistrasse
b�chnerstrasse
b�chtoldstrasse
b�ckereiweg
b�ckerstrasse
b�cklinstrasse
b�derstrasse
b�elhofstrasse
b�elholz
b�elrainstrasse
b�elweg
b�elwiesenweg
b�gonias, chemin des
b�hl
b�hlackerweg
b�hleggweg
b�hlplatz
b�hlstrasse
b�hlwiesenstrasse
b�lachhof
b�lachstrasse
b�le, rue de
b�lliz
b�mont, rue
b�mplizstrasse
b�ndelgasse
b�ndlistrasse
b�ndliweg
b�ndnerstrasse
b�ren, rue de
b�renbohlstrasse
b�renfelserstrasse
b�renfluhstrasse
b�rengasse
b�renmatt
b�renplatz
b�renstrasse
b�renweg
b�retswilerweg
b�rgenstrasse
b�rgerspital
b�rgerstrasse
b�rglenstrasse
b�rglistrasse
b�rkiweg
b�rkliplatz
b�rlet, chemin de
b�rletweg
b�rschwilerstrasse
b�rsenstrasse
b�r�e, chemin de
b�sh�sliweg
b�singerstrasse
b�szelg
b�szelgstrasse
b�thusy, avenue de
b�tiaz, chemin de la
b�timenet des services
b�timent anthropole
b�timent batochimie
b�timent chimie
b�timent g�nopode
b�timent internef
b�timent unith�que
b�timent de vidy
b�ttenberg, route du
b�ttenbergstrasse
b�ttenenhalde
b�ttenenring
b�ttenenstrasse
b�ttenweg
b�ttmur
b�ttwilerstrasse
b�tziackerstrasse
b�ulisteig
b�ulistrasse
b�umleingasse
b�umlihofstrasse
b�umlistrasse
b�umliweg
b�zingenberg
b�zingenstrasse
c.f. meyer-strasse
cct
ce
ch
cm
co
crpp
crpp halle gyrotron
crpp halle tcv
cadolles, avenue des
caille, chemin de la
calame, rue alexandre-
calanca, via
calandastrasse
calas, avenue
calvaire, chemin du
calvin, chemin
calvin, rue jean-
calvin-weg
camelia, via
camminata, via
camogh�, via
camoletti, place
campagna, via
campanellaweg
camping lido
camping, chemin du
campingplatz aue
campo marzio, via
canal, cours jean-
canal, rue du
canevascini, via g.
canonni�re, rue de la
cap, chemin du
capel, chez
capelard, chemin du
capitaine, rue de la
capo-d'istria, quai
caponelli, via filippo
cappuccini, via
cappuccini, vicolo
carabiniers, chemin des
caratti, via
carl-lutz-weg
carl-schr�ter-strasse
carl-spitteler-strasse
carlo, via san
carmagnola, via del
carmelo, sentiero del
carmenstrasse
caroline, rue
carouge, rue de
carrels, chemin des
cart, rue jean-jacques-
carteret, rue antoine-
carvalho, chemin de
casa�, avenue louis-
caselle, rue
casemates, place des
casernes, avenue des
casinoplatz
casinostrasse
caspar-w�st-strasse
cassarde, rue de la
casse-bras, chemin de
cassinette, chemin de la
castagneti, sentiero dei
castelgrande, salita
castello, via al
castelrotto, via
caterina, via santa
cath�drale, place de la
cattori, via giuseppe
cattori, viale giuseppe
caudoz, chemin du
cavalier-de-paille,rue du
cavargna, via
cavour, rue
cedernstrasse
cedro, salita del
celtes, chemin des
cendrars, rue blaise-
cendrier, rue du
centenaire, chemin du
central
centralbahnplatz
centralbahnstrasse
centrale de chauffe
centrale, place
centrale, rue
centrale, sentiero
centrale, via
centralweg
centre est
centre midi
centre recherche physique
centre sportif
centre, passage du
centre, rue du
cercle, rue du
ceresstrasse
cerisier, chemin du
cerisier, le
cerisiers, avenue des
cerisiers, rue des
cerlier, chemin de
cernil-antoine, rue
cervia, via alla
cery, h�pital de
cery, route de
chablais, avenue du
chabli�re, avenue de la
chabrey, rue
chailly, avenue de
chalet langensand
chalet pra roman, ch. du
chalet, rue du
chalet-mignon, chemin du
chalet-vert, chemin du
chalets, chemin des
chaletweg
chamblandes, chemin de
chamonix, avenue de
champ-baron, chemin du
champ-rond, chemin de
champ-soleil, chemin de
champ-d'anier, chemin du
champ-de-bienne
champ-du-moulin, all�e du
champ-du-moulin, ch. du
champagne, all�e de la
champagneallee
champel, avenue de
champel, plateau de
champendal, ch. dr.
champittet, chemin de
champrilly, chemin de
champr�veyres, rue de
champs, chemin des
champs, rue des
champs-du-ch�telet
champs-du-soleil
champvent, route de
chandieu, chemin de
chandieu, rue
chandolin, chemin de
chanet, chemin du
chante-merle
chantegrive, avenue de
chantemerle, avenue
chantemerle, chemin de
chantepoulet, rue de
chantier, rue du
chapeau-r�bl�, rue du
chapelle, rue de la
chaponni�re, rue
chardonnerets, chemin des
charles-edouard-guillaume
charmes, chemin des
charmettes, chemin des
charmettes, rue des
charmilles, chemin des
charmilles, place des
charmilles, rue des
charmontel, chemin de
charri�re, rue de la
charri�re,chauss�e i.-de-
chasselas, rue du
chasseral, rue de
chasseron, chemin du
chasseron, rue du
chasseur, chemin du
chasseur, route du
chatons, chemin des
chaucrau, rue
chauderon, chemin-mich�e
chauderon, place
chaudronniers, rue des
chaudronniers, ruelle des
chaumi�re, chemin de la
chausse-coq, rue
chauvet, rue michel-
chavannes, route de
chavannes, rue des
chavezstrasse
cheerstrasse
chemin-vieux
chemin-de-fer, rue du
cheminots, chemin des
cheneau-de-bourg, rue
cherbuliez, rue
cheval-blanc, rue du
chevelu, place de
chevillarde, chemin de la
chevreuil, chemin du
chevreuils, rue des
chevrolet, rue louis-j.-
chiara, vicolo
chicherio, via
chiesa, salita alla
chiesa, via francesco
chilemattweg
chileweg
chillesteig
chimie
chiossina, vicolo
chissiez, chemin de
chl�sterlistrasse
chl�sterliweg
choisystrasse
chorgasse
chorherrenweg
chouet, rue jean-robert-
chriesiweg
chrischonastrasse
christin�, rue henri-
christoffelgasse
christoffelunterf�hrung
christoph merian-platz
chrottenhalde
churfirstenweg
chutzenstrasse
ch�ble, chemin du
ch�naie, chemin de la
ch�ne, route de
ch�nes, chemin des
ch�teau g�tsch
ch�teau de bassenges
ch�teau de dorigny
ch�teau, avenue du
ch�teau, escalier du
ch�teau, le
ch�teau, place du
ch�teau, rue du
ch�teau-banquet, parc du
ch�teau-sec, chemin du
ch�teaubriand, place
ch�telain, rue
ch�telaine, avenue de
ch�telard, route du
ch�telet, chemin du
ch�telet, rue du
ch�telot, rue du
ch�vres, chemin des
ciblerie, chemin de la
cibleries, chemin des
cigale, chemin de la
cima dell'uomo, via
cimitero, via
cingria, rue
cipressi, via dei
cirque, place du
ciseri, via
ciseri, via antonio
cittadella, via
cit� vieusseux
cit� villars
cit�, rue de la
cit�-derri�re, rue
cit�-devant, rue
cit�-suchard, passage de
cit�-de-la-corderie, rue
claie aux moines, route
clair-matin, chemin de
clairi�re, chemin de la
clamadour, chemin de
clapar�de, pl. edouard-
claragraben
clarahofweg
claramattweg
claraplatz
claraspital
clarastrasse
claridenstrasse
claudiusstrasse
clausiusstrasse
clerg�re, chemin de la
clochatte, route de la
cloche, rue de la
clochetons, chemin des
clochettes, chemin des
clos, chemin du
clos, rue du
clos-belmont
clos-brochet, avenue de
clos-de-bulle, rue du
clos-de-serri�res, rue du
clos-des-auges, chemin du
clos-des-orphelins, rue
clos-du-lac
closelet, chemin du
clo�tre, rue du
club vidy wind surf
cluse, boulevard de la
cluse, sur la
cl�dar, chemin du
cl�matites, impasse des
cl�ture, chemin de la
codeborgo, via
cohen, rue albert-
coin, chemin du
coin-des-tilleuls
coin-du-bois
cojonnex, route de
colladon, chemin
colladon, rue jean-daniel
collegiata, piazza
collegiata, via
collegiata, vicolo
colli, salita ai
colline, chemin de la
colline, rue de la
collonges, avenue
coll�ge prop�deutique
coll�ge, place du
coll�ge, rue du
coll�ge, sentier du
coll�gegasse
coll�ges, avenue des
coll�giale, rue de la
colmarerstrasse
colombettes, chemin des
colombi, via luigi
colombier, rue du
colombstrasse
colonie, chemin de la
comacini, via maestri
comba-borel, rue de
combe-grieurin, rue
combe-des-moulins
combe-�-l'ours, route
combes, chemin de
combeta, chemin de la
combette, rue de la
combettes, rue des
commerce, rue du
communaux, chemin des
comtesse, quai robert-
com�die, square de la
concert, rue du
concorde, avenue de la
concorde, chemin de la
concorde, rue de la
confaglia, carrale
confessions, rue des
confr�rie, avenue de la
conf�d�ration, rue de la
conrad-ferd.-meyer-str.
conrad-ferdinand meyerstr
conseil-g�n�ral, rue du
constant, av. benjamin
constant, gal. benjamin
constant, place benjamin-
constant, rue samuel-
constantin, rue abraham-
contamines, rue de
contigny, chemin de
contrada maggiore
contrat-social, rue du
contr�le, rue du
conturbio, via
convento, via
coq, rue du
coq-d'inde, rue du
coquelicots, chemin des
coquem�ne, rue de la
coquillon, place
corbessi�res, route des
cordier, pass. mathurin-
cordier, rue mathurin-
cordiers, chemin des
cordiers, rue des
cordulaplatz
corminjoz, chemin de
cornavin, gare cff
cornavin, place de
cornavin, rue de
cornes-morel, les
corniche, route de la
cornigo, via
corniola, vicolo la
cornioli, sentiero ai
cornouiller, rue du
cornouillerstrasse
corporazioni, piazzetta
corporazioni, via delle
corps-saints, rue des
corraterie, rue de la
corrodistrasse
corte sasso, vicolo
cossonay, route de
costadritta, sentiero
coste, sentiero alle
coteau, chemin du
coteau, rue du
cottages, chemin des
coubertin, avenue
couchant, chemin du
couchant, ruelle du
couchirard, rue
coudraie, chemin de la
coudrette, chemin de la
coudriers, chemin des
coullery, rue du docteur
coulon, rue
coulouvreni�re, rue de la
coumenets, chemin des
coupole, la
cour, avenue de
courate, la
course, chemin de la
courtil, chemin du
courvoisier, rue fritz-
coutance, rue de
coutau, rue du colonel-
couvaloup, chemin de
couvent, chemin du
cracco, vicolo
craivavers, chemin de
cramer, rue
cramerstrasse
cratanderstrasse
crespin, rue
creuses, chemin des
creux, chemin
crissier, chemin de
croisette, avenue de la
croix-f�d�rale, rue de la
croix-rouge, rue de la
croix-rouges, chemin des
croix-d'or, rue de la
croset, ruelle du
crosnier, avenue jules-
crousaz, avenue de
cr�t, rue du
cr�t-blanc
cr�t-rossel, rue du
cr�t-taconnet, rue du
cr�t-des-fleurs
cr�t-du-bois
cr�t-du-ch�ne, chemin du
cr�t-du-haut
cr�t-du-sable
cr�tes, rue des
cr�tets, rue des
cr�ts, chemin des
cr�ts-de-champel, chemin
culmannstrasse
cunzstrasse
cure, chemin de la
cure, rue de la
curiestrasse
curtat, rue louis-
curval, rue louis-
cusa, vicolo
cusin, rue charles-
cydalise, boucle de
cygnes, chemin des
cygnes, rue des
cyklamenweg
cyrano, chemin de
cyrostrasse
cysatstrasse
c�ard, rue robert-
c�cil, avenue
c�cile-lauber-gasse
c�cilienplatz
c�cilienrain
c�cilienstrasse
c�dres, chemin des
c�dres, rue des
c�sar-ritz-strasse
c�te, rue de la
c�tes-de-montbenon, rue
c�tes-de-montmoiret, ch.
c�tes-de-la-bourdonnette
c�tes-de-la-rosiaz, ch.de
c�tes-du-doubs, les
d'alberti, via vincenzo
d'aubign�,terrasse agr.-
d'ivernois, rue fran�ois-
d'yvoy, boulevard
dachsenb�elstrasse
dachsfelderstrasse
dachslernstrasse
dahlias, chemin des
dahliastrasse
dahliaweg
dahlienstrasse
dahlienweg
daillettes, chemin des
dalmaziquai
dalmazirain
damataire, chemin de la
damianweg
dammerkirchstrasse
dammstrasse
dammweg
dammwiesenstrasse
dancet, rue
dangelstrasse
dangelweg
dapples, avenue
dapplesweg
darese, via
daro, via
dassier, rue jean-
daubin, rue
dauphin�, rue du
davel, avenue
davel, chemin
david-hess-weg
david-moning-strasse
davidsbodenstrasse
davidsrain
davidstrasse
daxelhoferstrasse
de capitani, piazzetta
de quervain, rue du dr.
de wette-strasse
de-beaumont, rue
de-bud�, avenue
de-b�ze, rue th�odore
de-candolle, rue
de-faucigny, rue ardutius
de-gallatin, avenue
de-grenus, place
de-grenus, rue
de-luserna, avenue
de-marcossay, rue g. -
de-mil�ant, rue
de-normandie, chemin
de-rougemont, rue denis-
de-saussure, rue
de-sellon, rue jean-j.-
de-senger, rue hugo-
de-sta�l, rue madame-
de-traz, rue robert-
de-vincy, chemin
de-warens, avenue
decker, av. dr pierre-
decker, avenue pierre-
degenriedstrasse
dejean, rue
delamuraz, quai j.-p.
delphinstrasse
delsbergerallee
deltastrasse
demutstrasse
denantou, avenue du
denkmalstrasse
dennlerstrasse
dent-d'oche, avenue de la
dentand, rue
denzlerstrasse
deponiestrasse
depotstrasse
desor, rue edouard
deurres, rue des
deux-march�s, rue des
deux-ponts, avenue des
deux-ponts, chemin des
deux-ponts, rue des
devecis, vicolo
devin, chemin du
devin-du-village, av. du
di sacco, via alberto
diablerets, chemin des
dialogweg
diamants, rue des
diamantstrasse
dianastrasse
dickens, avenue
diday, rue fran�ois-
diebold-schilling-strasse
dienerstrasse
dierauerstrasse
diesbachstrasse
dietlerstrasse
dietlistrasse
dietschiberg
dietzingerstrasse
diggelmannstrasse
diorama, rue du
dipartimento
distelistrasse
distelweg
dittingerstrasse
dittlingerweg
dizerens, rue
dogana, via
dogana, via nuova
dogana, via vecchia
dohlenweg
doktor-faust-gasse
dolderstrasse
doldertal
dolderweg
dom�nenstrasse
donjon, sentier du
donnerb�hlweg
donz�, rue willy-
dora-staudinger-strasse
dorci�re, place
dorenbach
dorenbachstrasse
dorenbachviadukt
doret, avenue gustave-
dorfbachweg
dorflindenstrasse
dorfstrasse
dorfweg
dorigny
dornacherstrasse
dorngasse
doubs, rue du
douze-septembre, rue du
dragon, impasse du
dragonato, via
drahtzugstrasse
draizes, rue des
dranse, chemin de la
drehergasse
dreiangelweg
dreik�nigstrasse
dreilindenhang
dreilindenh�he
dreilindenstrasse
dreispitz
dreiwiesenstrasse
drosselstrasse
drosselweg
droz, place numa-
druey, avenue
drusbergstrasse
du bois-melly, rue
du-roveray, rue
dupeyrou, avenue
dupeyrou, ruelle
dubl�, ruelle
dubois, avenue edouard-
dubois, rue du docteur-
duboule, chemin mo�se-
dubsstrasse
duchosal, rue louis-
dufour, avenue marc-
dufour, rue david-
dufour, rue g�n�ral-
dufour, rue du g�n�ral-
dufourstrasse
duggingerhof
dumas, avenue
dumont, rue etienne-
dumur, chemin benjamin-
dunant, avenue henri-
dunant, chemin louis-
dunant, rue henri-
dunantstrasse
duni, via
dunkelh�lzlistrasse
dunkerstrasse
durachweg
duttweilerstrasse
dynamostrasse
d�barcad�re, rue du
d�bendorfstrasse
d�bystrasse
d�fricheurs, all�e des
d�hlenweg
d�hlh�lzliweg
d�le, avenue de la
d�le, rue de la
d�lices, chemin des
d�lices, rue des
d�ltschihalde
d�ltschiweg
d�me, rue de la
d�ndlikerrain
d�ndlikerweg
d�rflistrasse
d�rochet, chemin du
d�rrenmattstrasse
d�rstlingweg
d�sertes, avenue des
d�sir�, chemin
d�ttnauerstrasse
d�ttwilerstrasse
d�tzeb�elstrasse
ekz neumarkt
el
empeyta, rue eugene-
epfl
eth (h�nggerberg)
eau, rue de l'
eaux-vives, parc des
eaux-vives, place des
eaux-vives, rue des
ebelstrasse
ebenalpstrasse
eberhardt, rue isabelle-
ebnatfeld
ebnatring
ebnatstrasse
ebnatweg
ebnetstrasse
echallens, avenue d'
echelettes, rue des
eckstrasse
eckweg
eckwiesenstrasse
eclair, rue de l'
ecluse, rue de l'
ecluses, chemin des
ecole-sup�rieure, rue de
ecole-de-chimie, rue
ecole-de-commerce, rue
ecole-de-m�decine, rue
ecoliers, chemin des
ecureuils, chemin des
edelweissstrasse
edenstrasse
edisonstrasse
eduard-imhof-strasse
eduard-steiner-strasse
effingerstrasse
efringerstrasse
egelbergstrasse
egelgasse
eggb�hlstrasse
eggen
eggenhof
eggenschwilerweg
eggenweg
eggenzahnstrasse
eggersmatt
eggfluhstrasse
eggh�lzlistrasse
eggimannstrasse
eggstrasse
eggweg
eglantine, avenue
eglise, rue de l'
eglise, ruelle de l'
eglise-anglaise, avenue
egliseestrasse
eglistrasse
egralets, chemin des
ehrendingerstrasse
eibenstrasse
eibenweg
eichacker
eichb�hlstrasse
eichenstrasse
eichenweg
eichgutstrasse
eichhalde
eichhaldenweg
eichholzstrasse
eichholzweg
eichhornstrasse
eichh�lzliweg
eichliackerstrasse
eichliwaldstrasse
eichmattstrasse
eichmattweg
eichrainstrasse
eichstrasse
eichtalboden
eichtalh�he
eichwaldstrasse
eidbergstrasse
eidgenossenweg
eidguenots, avenue des
eidmattstrasse
eidochsweg
eierbrechtstrasse
eigenheim
eigenheimstrasse
eigenheimweg
eigenstrasse
eigenwasenstrasse
eigerplatz
eigerstrasse
eigerweg
eimeldingerweg
einfangstrasse
einkaufszentrum
einschlagweg
einsteinstrasse
eisbahnstrasse
eisenbahnerstrasse
eisenbahnstrasse
eisenbahnweg
eisengasse
eisfeldstrasse
eisgasse
eisweiherstrasse
ekkehardsteig
ekkehardstrasse
elchweg
electrices, rue des
electricit�
elefantenweg
eleonorenstrasse
elfenau, rue de l'
elfenaustrasse
elfenauweg
elfenstrasse
elfenweg
elftausendjungfern-g�ssli
elias-canetti-strasse
elisabethenanlage
elisabethenpassage
elisabethenstrasse
elisabethenweg
elise-wysard-strasse
ellen-widmann-weg
elsastrasse
else-z�blin-strasse
elsterweg
els�ssergasse
els�sserstrasse
elvezia, largo
elys�e, avenue de l'
emancipation, rue de l'
emanuel b�chel-strasse
emil angst-strasse
emil kl�ti-strasse
emil-kl�ti-strasse
emil-oprecht-platz
emil-oprecht-strasse
emil-r�tti-weg
emile-ganguillet-weg
emma-horber-weg
emmenblick
emmersbergstrasse
emposieux, chemin des
encyclop�die, rue de l'
endlikerstrasse
endroits, boulevard des
enfer, rue d'
engadinerweg
engehaldenstrasse
engehaldenweg
engelaustrasse
engelbertstrasse
engelgasse
engelstrasse
engelwiesstrasse
engemattstrasse
engerain
engeriedweg
engestrasse
engimattstrasse
englische anlagen
englischgrussstrasse
englischviertelstrasse
engweg
ennetweg
enning, rue
ensingerstrasse
ensisheimerstrasse
entenweidstrasse
entlisbergstrasse
entre-bois, chemin d'
entrep�ts, rue des
enzenb�hlstrasse
enzenried
enzianweg
epancheurs, rue des
epargne, rue de l'
eperon, rue de l'
epinettes, chemin des
eplattenier, rue chs.-l'
eplatures, boulevard des
eplatures-grise
eplatures-jaune
eptingerstrasse
equerre, rue de l'
erasmusplatz
erchenb�hlstrasse
erchenb�hlweg
erdbeergraben
ergu�l, chemin d'
ergu�lweg
erikastrasse
erikaweg
erismannhof
erismannstrasse
erlacherweg
erlachstrasse
erlenmattstrasse
erlenmattweg
erlenparkweg
erlenstrasse
erlenweg
erligatterweg
ermenonville, rue d'
ernastrasse
ernst hombergerstrasse
ernst m�ller-strasse
ernst-nobs-platz
ernst-sch�ler-strasse
ernst-z�beli-strasse
ernst-z�beli-weg
erstfeldstrasse
escalade, chemin de l'
eschenbachweg
eschenbergstrasse
eschenhaustrasse
eschenmoser
eschenstrasse
eschenweg
escher-wyss-platz
eschergutweg
eschheimertal
eschwiesenstrasse
espacit�
espenhofweg
espenmoosstrasse
espenstrasse
espentobelstrasse
esplanade, avenue de l'
esserts, chemin des
essor, chemin de l'
est, rue de l'
estienne, rue robert-
etang, rue de l'
eterpeys, chemin des
etoile, rue de l'
etraz, rue
ettenbohlstrasse
ettenfeldstrasse
ettenhauserstrasse
ettenhauserweg
etterlinhalde
etterlinstrasse
etuves, rue des
etzbergstrasse
etzelb�ntstrasse
etzelsteig
etzelstrasse
etzelweg
euelstrasse
eugen wullschleger-str.
eugen-huber-strasse
eulachstrasse
eulenweg
eulerstrasse
europaallee
europaplatz
europe, espace de l'
europe, place de l'
europe, promenade de l'
evian, avenue d'
evilard, chemin d'
evole, rue de l'
ev�ch�, chemin de l'
ev�ch�, rue de l'
exp�rimentation
eyhof
eymattstrasse
eynard, rue jean-gabriel
favon, boulevard georges-
ffs
fifa-strasse
fabri, rue adh�mar-
fabrikg�ssli
fabrikstrasse
fabrique, ruelle de la
facult�s scien.humaines
fahneng�sslein
fahys, rue des
faidostrasse
falaises, chemin des
falaises, route des
falaises, rue des
falbringen
falkenburgstrasse
falkengasse
falkenh�heweg
falkenplatz
falkensteinerstrasse
falkensteinstrasse
falkenstrasse
falkenweg
falknerstrasse
fallenstettenweg
faller, rue
fangh�fli
fantaisie, avenue
fantaisie, chemin
fantaisie, chemin de
farbgutstrasse
farbhofstrasse
farbhofweg
farbstrasse
farel, rue guillaume-
farenweg
farmerstrasse
farmweg
farnsburgerstrasse
fasanenstrasse
fasanenweg
fatio, rue pierre-
fatiostrasse
fau-blanc, chemin du
faubourg du jura
faubourg du lac
faucille, rue de la
faucon, rue du
fauconni�res, chemin des
fauquez, route aloys-
fausses-brayes, rue des
fauvette, chemin de la
favarge, chemin de la
faverges, chemin des
favre, avenue william-
favre, rue louis-
favrestrasse
favriweg
fazy, boulevard james-
fazy, rue henri-
federerstrasse
federnstrasse
federweg
fehrenstrasse
feierabendstrasse
feilengasse
feldbachstrasse
feldbergstrasse
feldblumenstrasse
feldblumenweg
feldeck, rue
feldeckstrasse
feldeggstrasse
feldeggweg
feldg�tliweg
feldheimstrasse
feldhofweg
feldlistrasse
feldsch�tzenweg
feldstrasse
feldweg
fellenbergstrasse
fellenbergweg
fellerstrasse
felmenweg
felsberg
felsbergstrasse
felsenaustrasse
felseneggstrasse
felsenhofstrasse
felsenrainstrasse
felsenrainweg
felsenstieg
felsenstrasse
felsental
felsgasse
felsgutstieg
felshaldenweg
felsplattenstrasse
fendt, rue
fenin, route de
fennergasse
fer, rue du
ferdinand-hodler-strasse
ferdinand-hodler-weg
ferme de dorigny
ferme de la mouline
ferme, rue de la
ferney, route de
fernsehstrasse
fernsichtstrasse
ferrier, rue
ferrini, via benedetto
feuergasse
feuerweg
feuerwerkerstrasse
feuill�e, chemin de la
feuill�re, route de la
feusisbergli
fiaz, rue de la
fichtenstrasse
fichtenweg
fichtestrasse
fichteweg
fidesstrasse
fierzgasse
fifty-one
figuiers, avenue des
filanda, via
finkenhubelweg
finkenrain
finkenweg
finslerstrasse
finsterwaldstrasse
fioraweg
fiori, via dei
fiorina, via
fiorina, vicolo
fischerg�sschen
fischerh�userstrasse
fischerm�ttelistrasse
fischerstubeng�sschen
fischerweg
fischmarkt
fislisbacherstrasse
fiume, via al
flachsl�nderstrasse
flandres, rue de
flaschnerweg
fleming, via
flemingstrasse
fleur-de-lys, ch. de la
fleur-de-lys, route de la
fleur-de-lys, sentier de
fleurettes, chemin des
fleurs, chemin des
fleurs, rue des
fleury, rue
fliederstrasse
fliederweg
fliegerschuppen
flobotstrasse
flochenstrasse
flon morand, chemin du
florastrasse
floraweg
flore, chemin de
flore, rue de
florence, chemin de la
florency, chemin de
florenstrasse
florentins, place des
florenz-strasse
florhofgasse
florimont, avenue de
florina
florissant, avenue de
florissant, route de
flor�al, avenue
flor�al, avenue de
flournoy, av. th�odore
fluck
fluckm�ttli
fluckrain
flughafen basel-mulhouse
flughafenstrasse
flugplatzstrasse
fluhgrund
fluhh�he
fluhmattrain
fluhmattstrasse
fluhmattweg
fluhm�hle
fluhm�hlerain
fluhweg
flumeaux, route des
flurhofstrasse
flurstrasse
flurweg
flurystrasse
flusel, en
flusel, promenade de
fl�che, rue de la
fl�elastrasse
fl�elistrasse
fl�hgasse
fl�oles, chemin des
fl�ssergasse
folchartstrasse
follia, sentiero alla
fonderie, ruelle de la
fondo, via case di
fontadel, chemin de
fontaine, chemin de la
fontaine, rue de la
fontaine-andr�, rue de
fontaines, rue des
fontaines-saintes, rue
fontana, piazzetta
fontana, sentiero alla
fontana, via domenico
fontanastrasse
fontanettaz, chemin de
fontannaz, chemin de
fontanone, al
fontenailles, rue des
fontenal, rue
fontenalstrasse
fontenay, chemin de
forces-motrices, quai des
forchstrasse
forellenweg
forge, chemin de la
forges, avenue des
fornel, ruelle du
forrenweidstrasse
forrerstrasse
forstersteig
forsterstrasse
forsthaus
forsthausweg
forstweg
fort-barreau, rue du
fortunagasse
for�t, avenue de la
for�t, boulevard de la
for�t, chemin de la
foss�-vert, rue du
foug�res, chemin des
foulets, les
fourmi, chemin de la
foyards, les
frachtgeb�ude flughafen
fraisse, avenue william-
france, avenue de
francesca, via
francesco, piazza san
francesco, via san
franche, rue
franchises, route des
frankengasse
frankenstrasse
frankentalerstrasse
frankfurt-strasse
franklin, rue benjamin-
franklinstrasse
franscini, via stefano
franscini, viale stefano
franziskanerplatz
franzoni, piazza filippo
franzoni, via alberto
franzosenweg
frauenbadi
frauenfelderstrasse
frauengasse
frauenhaus
frauenklinik
frauenklinikstrasse
frauenspitalklinik
frauentalweg
fraum�nsterstrasse
fregera, via
freiburgerstrasse
freiburgstrasse
freie strasse
freieckgasse
freieckweg
freienhofgasse
freiensteinstrasse
freier platz
freiestrasse
freigutstrasse
freihofstrasse
freilagerstrasse
freisch�tzgasse
freistrasse
freudenbergstrasse
freudental
freudentalstrasse
freudwilerweg
freyastrasse
fribourg, rue de
fricktreppe
friedackerstrasse
friedaustrasse
friedberghalde
friedbergh�he
friedbergstrasse
friedb�hlstrasse
friedeckweg
friedeggstrasse
friedensgasse
friedensstrasse
friedenstrasse
friedentalstrasse
friedheimstrasse
friedheimweg
friedhof rosenberg
friedhofgasse
friedhofstrasse
friedhofsverwaltung
friedhofweg
friedlistrasse
friedliweg
friedrich miescher-strass
friedrich oser-strasse
friedrichstrasse
friedweg
friesenberghalde
friesenbergstrasse
friesstrasse
frikartweg
fringelistrasse
frisco, chemin
fritschistrasse
fritz hauser-strasse
fritz-fleiner-weg
fritz-heeb-weg
fritz-oppliger-strasse
frobenstrasse
froburgstrasse
frohalpstrasse
frohbergstieg
frohbergstrasse
frohbergweg
frohburgstrasse
frohb�hlstrasse
frohsinnstrasse
frohsinnweg
frongartenstrasse
frontenex, avenue de
frontenex, plateau de
frontenex, route de
fronwagplatz
fronwaldstrasse
fronwaldweg
froschaugasse
frutigenstrasse
fruttstrasse
frymannstrasse
fr�belstrasse
fr�d�ric-ingold-weg
fr�hlichstrasse
fr�hlisberg
fr�mselweg
fr�ne, chemin du
fr�nes, rue des
fr�schenweidstrasse
fr�schgasse
fr�schmattstrasse
fuchsenried
fuchsenstrasse
fuchshalde
fuchsiastrasse
fuchspass
fuchsweg
fulacherhalde
fulachstrasse
funiculaire, chemin du
funkackerstrasse
funkerstrasse
funkwiesenstrasse
furet, chemin fran�ois-
furet, chemin du
furglerstrasse
furkastieg
furkastrasse
furrengasse
furttalstrasse
fusion, chemin de la
fusion, rue de la
fusterie, place de la
f�hnernstrasse
f�hnernweg
f�hrenstieg
f�hrenstrasse
f�hrenweg
f�hrstrasse
f�rberstrasse
f�rrlibuckstrasse
f�rstenlandstrasse
f�rstenlandweg
f�rstensteinerstrasse
f�rstweg
f�schengasse
f�senstaubstrasse
f�sslistrasse
g.-f.-heilmann-strasse
gbs rieth�sli
gc
gcf
gr
gyr
gabelle, rue de la
gablerstrasse
gadenmatt
gaggini, via dei
gaggiole, via alle
gagliardiweg
gaiserwaldstrasse
galbisio, via
galeer, chemin albert-
galgenfeldweg
galicien, avenue du
galiffe, chemin
galland, rue charles-
galli, via domenico
galliard, rue jean-louis
gallinazza, via della
galloix, rue j.-imbert-
gallusmarkt
gallusstrasse
gambini, rue giovanni-
gamperstrasse
ganguillet, chemin emile-
gannelle, via alle
gansenbach
gantrischstrasse
garage bianchetti
garbenweg
gare des eaux-vives, av.
gare, avenue de la
gare, faubourg de la
gare, place de la
gare, rue de la
gares, rue des
garnmarkt
gartenheimstrasse
gartenhofstrasse
gartenstrasse
gasometerstrasse
gasshof
gasshofstrasse
gasstrasse
gatterstrasse
gattikerstrasse
gaud, avenue l�on-
gaugerstrasse
gautier, rue jean-ant.-
gazom�tre, rue du
gazom�tres, rue des
gebeneggweg
gebhartstrasse
geerackerweg
geerenackerstrasse
geerenweg
geeringstrasse
gehrenholz
gehrenholzstrasse
geibelstrasse
geigergasse
geigerstrasse
geiselweidstrasse
geissbergstieg
geissbergstrasse
geissbergweg
geissb�elweg
geissensteinring
geisshaldenweg
geisshofstieg
geisshofweg
geissmatthalde
geissmatth�he
geissmattstrasse
geisterweg
gellertpark
gellertstrasse
geltenwilenstrasse
gemeindestrasse
gemeinschaftszollanlage b
gemmistrasse
gempenstrasse
gemsberg
gemsgasse
gemshalde
gemsstieg
gem�sebr�cke
general guisan-strasse
general-dufour-strasse
general-guisan-quai
general-guisan-strasse
general-wille-strasse
genfergasse
genferstrasse
gennersbrunn
gennersbrunnerstrasse
genossenschaftsstrasse
genossenweg
gentianes, rue des
gen�ts, chemin des
gen�ve, rue de
georg, chemin charles
georg-baumberger-weg
georg-kempf-strasse
georgengasse
georgette, avenue
georgshof
geranienstrasse
gerbergasse
gerberg�sslein
gerberngasse
gerbestrasse
gerbeweg
gerbi, sentiero ai
gerechtigkeitsgasse
gerhaldenstrasse
gerhardstrasse
gerhardtstrasse
gerlisberg
gerlisbergstrasse
germaniastrasse
gernstrasse
geroldstrasse
gerretta, via
gerstenstrasse
gertrud wokerstrasse
gertrud-kurz-weg
gertrudstrasse
gesegnetmattstrasse
gesellschaftsstrasse
gesellschaftsweg
gesero, via
gessnerallee
gessnerstrasse
gesstreppe
gevray, rue abraham-
gewerbehaus n�gelsee
gewerbehofstrasse
gewerbeschulstrasse
gewerbestrasse
gewerbliche berufsschule
geyisried, chemin
geyisriedweg
gfellstrasse
ghiringhelli, via c.
giacomettistrasse
giblenstrasse
gibraltar
gibraltar, rue de
gibraltarstrasse
gide, chemin charles-
giebeleich
giebenacherweg
giessereig�ssli
giessereistrasse
giessereiweg
giesserstrasse
giessh�belstrasse
giessliweg
gigerh�sli
gigonweg
gilberte-de-courgenay-pl.
gilgenbergerstrasse
gindroz, avenue
ginepri, sentiero dei
ginsterstrasse
ginsterweg
giornicostrasse
giovanni, via san
gipserweg
girardet, place
girhaldenstrasse
girhaldenweg
giron, rue charles-
girtannerstrasse
girtannerweg
giselihalde
giselistrasse
glaciers, rue des
glacis-de-rive, rue des
gladbachstrasse
gladiolenweg
glaserbergstrasse
glaserstrasse
glaserweg
glasmalergasse
glattstegweg
glatttalstrasse
glattwiesenstrasse
glaubtenstrasse
glayre, avenue
gleitstrasse
gletscherstrasse
globus
glockengasse
glockenstrasse
gloriasteig
gloriastrasse
glycines, chemin des
gl�rnischstrasse
gl�rnischweg
gl�ttlistrasse
gmeimeriweg
godefroy, avenue
godet, quai philippe-
goethestrasse
goetz-monin, rue
goetzstrasse
golay, avenue henri-
goldackerweg
goldauerstrasse
goldbrunnenplatz
goldbrunnenstrasse
goldbrunnenweg
goldb�hlstrasse
goldgrubenweg
goldiwilstrasse
goldregenweg
goldschmiedstrasse
goldsteinstrasse
goldwandstrasse
golf, route du
goliathgasse
gopigen
gopplismooshalde
gor, passage du
gorges-du-seyon, route
gorla, via dei
gorwiden
gos, rue albert-
gotenstrasse
gottardo, via san
gottesackerstrasse
gottettaz, chemin de la
gottfried keller-strasse
gottfried-ischer-weg
gottfried-keller-strasse
gottfried-kellerstrasse
gottfried-reimann-strasse
gotthardstrasse
gotthardweg
gotthelfplatz
gotthelfstrasse
gotthelfweg
gottstatt, rue de
gottstattstrasse
gotzenwilerstrasse
goulart, place simon-
goumoensstrasse
gourd, rue emilie-
gourgas, rue
gouttes-d'or, route des
governo
governo, piazza
grabenackerstrasse
grabenpromenade
grabenstrasse
grabenwies
grafenau
grafenbuckhalde
grafenbuckstieg
grafenbuckstrasse
graffenriedweg
gramin�es, chemin des
grammont, avenue du
granatweg
grancy, boulevard de
grand magasins
grand-bois, chemin du
grand-champ, chemin du
grand-ch�ne, escaliers du
grand-ch�ne, rue du
grand-m�zel, place du
grand-pont, escaliers du
grand-pont, passerelle du
grand-pont, rue du
grand-pont, ruelle du
grand-praz, chemin du
grand-pr�, rue du
grand-rue
grand-st-jean, place
grand-st-jean, rue
grand-st-jean, ruelle
grand-vennes, chemin de
grand-vigne, chemin de la
grandchamp, chemin du
grande, piazza
grande-rive, chemin de
grandes-crosettes, les
grandes-roches, ch. des
grandi magazzini
grands-pins, chemin des
grange de dorigny
grange, parc de la
grange, rue jean-de-la-
grange-canal, chemin de
granges, rue de
granges, rue des
grangette, chemin de la
granitweg
grasset, chemin eug�ne-
grasset, rue john-
grast, rue fran�ois-
gratta-paille, avenue
gratte-semelle, chemin de
graue gasse
grausteinweg
gravi�re, chemin de la
grazie, via delle
grebelackerstrasse
greblerweg
greifengasse
greifenseestrasse
greifenstrasse
greina, via
greithstrasse
grellingerstrasse
grenade, avenue de la
grenchenstrasse
grendelstrasse
grenier, rue du
grenzacherstrasse
grenzstrasse
grenzweg
gretenweg
grey, avenue du
greyerzstrasse
grienstrasse
grienweg
griesbach
griesernweg
grillenweg
grillon, chemin du
grillons, chemin des
grimselstrasse
grimselweg
grise-pierre, rue de
grossacker
grossackerstrasse
grossalbis
grosse allee
grossensteinstrasse
grosser muristalden
grosshofmatte
grossmannstrasse
grossmatte
grossmatte ost
grossm�nsterplatz
grosspeterstrasse
grossried, chemin
grossriedweg
grosswiesenstrasse
grotte, rue de la
grottes, avenue des
grottes, passage des
grottes, place des
grottes, rue des
grubenackerstrasse
grubenstieg
grubenstrasse
grubenweg
gruberstrasse
grudligen
grundhaldenweg
grundhofstrasse
grundstrasse
gryphenh�beliweg
gr�bligasse
gr�blistrasse
gr�nauring
gr�naustieg
gr�naustrasse
gr�nauweg
gr�nbergstrasse
gr�ndenstrasse
gr�neckweg
gr�neggstrasse
gr�nerweg
gr�ngasse
gr�nhaldenstrasse
gr�ningerstrasse
gr�ningerweg
gr�nmattstrasse
gr�npfahlgasse
gr�nring
gr�ntalstrasse
gr�nweg
gr�sy, chemin de
gr�tli, rue du
gr�tlistrasse
gr�tliweg
gr�tstrasse
gr�tweg
gr�zefeldstrasse
gr�zenstrasse
gsellstrasse
gsteigstrasse
gst�hlplatz
guasta, via
gubelhangstrasse
gubelstrasse
gugerhalde
guggachstrasse
guggeienhof
guggenb�hlstrasse
guggerstrasse
guggerweg
gugghaldenstrasse
guggistrasse
guggiweg
gugolzstrasse
guiguer-de-prangins, ch.
guillemin, avenue
guisan, place g�n�ral-
guisan, quai du g�n�ral-
guisan, via henri
guisanplatz
guisanstrasse
gujerstrasse
guldenweg
guldinerweg
guldinweg
guldisloostrasse
guldislooweg
gundeldingerrain
gundeldingerstrasse
gundoldingenstrasse
guntelsey
gurnigelstrasse
gurnigelweg
gurtengasse
gurzelen, rue de la
gurzelenstrasse
gusslistrasse
gustav wenk-strasse
gustav-bridel-weg
gustav-heinrich-weg
gustave-doret
gustavstrasse
gutenberg, rue
gutenberg, rue jean-
gutenberg-strasse
gutenbergstrasse
guthirtstrasse
guthof
gutstrasse
gutta, vicolo del
guye, rue
guyer-zeller-strasse
guyot, rue arnold-
gwandensteig
gwattstrasse
gymnasium neufeld
g�belbachstrasse
g�belbachweg
g�bsenseeweg
g�bsenstrasse
g�etlistrasse
g�etliweg
g�msenstrasse
g�nie civil
g�nie civil halle-fosse
g�nie microtechnique
g�nie m�canique
g�nie rural
g�nzenenweg
g�nzilooweg
g�n�ral-dufour, rue du
g�n�ral-guisan, avenue
g�rtnerstrasse
g�rtnerweg
g�schenenstrasse
g�ssli
g�terbahnhof
g�terbahnhof wolf
g�terbahnhofstrasse
g�terstrasse
g�tlistrasse
g�tlitobelweg
g�tliweg
g�tsch
g�tschh�he
g�tschstrasse
g�tterliweg
g�ttibachweg
g�tzibrunnenstrasse
g�uffi, rue adam-
hb plaza
haarbachstrasse
habsburgerstrasse
habsburgstrasse
hadlaubsteig
hadlaubstrasse
hadwigstrasse
hafenstrasse
hafnersberg
hafnerstrasse
hafnerwaldstrasse
hafnerweg
hagacherweg
hagenaustrasse
hagenbachstrasse
hagenbuchrain
hagenbuchstrasse
hagenholzstrasse
hagentalerstrasse
haggenhaldenstrasse
haggenhaldenweg
haggenstrasse
hahnrainweg
hainbuchenweg
hainerweg
haldenbachstrasse
haldeneggsteig
haldenhof
haldenrain
haldenrainstrasse
haldenstrasse
haldenweg
haldenwiesli
haldimand, rue
halenstrasse
halle landesmuseum
halle sihlquai
hallenstrasse
haller, rue albrecht-
hallerstrasse
halles, place des
hallmattstrasse
hallwilerweg
hallwilstrasse
hallwilweg
hallwylstrasse
haltenrebenstrasse
haltingerstrasse
hamamelisweg
hambergersteig
hammerstrasse
hammerweg
hanfp�nt
hanfrose
hans huber-strasse
hans-georg n�gelistrasse
hans-holbein-gasse
hans-huber-strasse
hans-hugi-strasse
hard
hardau
hardaustrasse
hardbr�cke
hardeggerstrasse
hardeggstrasse
hardgutstrasse
hardhof
hardplatz
hardrain
hardstrasse
hardturmstrasse
hardungstrasse
harfenbergstrasse
harfenweg
harpe, avenue de la
harzachstrasse
harzb�chelstrasse
haselstrasse
haselweg
hasenberg
hasenmattstrasse
hasenweg
hasenwiesweg
hasenw�ldliweg
haslerstrasse
haslihorn
haslirain
haspelgasse
haspelstrasse
haspelweg
hauensteinstrasse
hauensteinweg
hauentalstrasse
haumesserstrasse
hauptbahnhof
hauptpostgeb�ude
hauptstrasse
hauriweg
haus diana am stokarberg
haus hirschpark
haus johannes kessler
haus zum komet
hauserstrasse
hausmattweg
hauswiesenstrasse
hauswiesenweg
haus�cker
haut, ruelle du
haut-des-combes, rue du
haute, rue
haute-brise, chemin de
haute-route, la
haute-vue, chemin de
havannaweg
hebelplatz
hebelstrasse
hechtackerstrasse
hechtackerweg
hechtgasse
hechtliacker
hechtplatz
hechtweg
heckenweg
hedi-lang-strasse
hedwigsteig
hedwigstrasse
hedy-hahnloser-strasse
heerensch�rlistrasse
heerenweg
heerenwiesen
hegarstrasse
hegaustrasse
hegenheimerstrasse
hegenmatt
hegianwandweg
hegibachstrasse
hegibergstrasse
hegifeldstrasse
hegistrasse
hegmattenstrasse
hegnauweg
heideggerweg
heidegraben
heidensteinweg
heideweg
heidi-abel-weg
heidweg
heidwiesen
heiligbergstrasse
heiligh�sli
heiligkreuzstrasse
heilmann, rue georg-fr.-
heim im bergli
heimatstrasse
heimatweg
heimbachweg
heimplatz
heimr�tiweg
heimstrasse
heinestrasse
heiniweg
heinrich-bosshard-strasse
heinrich-bosshardt-str.
heinrich-federer-strasse
heinrich-wolff-strasse
heinrichsgasse
heinrichstrasse
heitertal
heiterweid
heizenholz
helen-keller-strasse
helenastrasse
helfenbergstrasse
helgeng�etlistrasse
helgenstrasse
heliosstrasse
hellerstrasse
hellmutstrasse
helmweg
helsinki-strasse
helvetiaplatz
helvetiastrasse
helv�tie, rue de l'
helv�tie, r�sidence
helv�tique, boulevard
hemschlenstrasse
henne
henri-dunant-strasse
henri-dunantstrasse
henric petri-strasse
hentsch, avenue ernest-
herbartstrasse
herbergsgasse
herblingerstrasse
herbrigstrasse
herbstgasse
herbstweg
herdernstrasse
herderstrasse
herisauer strasse
herman-greulich-strasse
hermann albrecht-strasse
hermann kinkelin-strasse
hermann suter-strasse
hermann-g�tz-strasse
hermann-lienhard-strasse
hermann-rorschach-strasse
hermannstrasse
hermannweg
hermetschloostrasse
herostrasse
herrenacker
herrenbergstrasse
herrengasse
herrengrabenweg
herrenrebenweg
herrenweg
herrligstrasse
herrligweg
hersbergerweg
hertensteinstrasse
herzogenm�hlestrasse
herzogstrasse
hesenlooweg
hesse, rue de
hesseweg
heubeeriweg
heuberg
heuelsteig
heuelstrasse
heumattstrasse
heusserstrasse
heuweg
hexenweglein
hildanusstrasse
hildastrasse
hiltalingerstrasse
hiltystrasse
himmelrichstrasse
himmeristrasse
himmeriweg
hinter der burg
hinter-bramberg
hinterberg
hinterbergstrasse
hinterdorfstrasse
hintere bahnhofstrasse
hintere davidstrasse
hintere engehaldenstrasse
hintere poststrasse
hintere sch�tzengasse
hintergasse
hinterlauben
hintermeisterhof
hinterm�hlenstrasse
hinterspitzhof
hintersteig
hinterweg
hinterwiesliweg
hinwilerstrasse
hipp, rue matthias-
hirondelles, impasse des
hirondelles, rue des
hirschengasse
hirschengraben
hirschenplatz
hirschgartnerweg
hirschg�sslein
hirschlistrasse
hirschmattstrasse
hirschweg
hirschwiesenstrasse
hirschwiesenweg
hirslandersteig
hirslanderstrasse
hirtenhofring
hirtenhofstrasse
hirtenhofweg
hirtenstrasse
hirtenweg
hirzbodenpark
hirzbodenweg
hirzbrunnenallee
hirzbrunnenschanze
hirzbrunnenstrasse
hirzelstrasse
hirzem�tteli
hirzenbachstrasse
hittnauerstrasse
hitzigweg
hitzlisbergstrasse
hobelwerkweg
hochberg, rue j.-de-
hochbergerplatz
hochbergerstrasse
hochb�hlstrasse
hochb�hlweg
hochfarbstrasse
hochfeldstrasse
hochh�sliweid
hochrain
hochr�ti
hochr�tiring
hochr�tistrasse
hochschulstrasse
hochstrasse
hochwachtstrasse
hochwachtweg
hochwaldstrasse
hodler, rue ferdinand-
hodlerstrasse
hofackerstrasse
hoffeld
hoffmann, rue
hoffnungsstrasse
hofh�lzliweg
hofmannstrasse
hofmeisterstrasse
hofstettenstrasse
hofstetterstrasse
hofstettweg
hofstrasse
hofweg
hofwiesenstrasse
hofwiesenweg
hohberg
hohbergstrasse
hohe winde-strasse
hohenb�hlstrasse
hohenklingenallee
hohenklingenstrasse
hohenkr�henstrasse
hohensteinweg
hohenstoffelstrasse
hohentwielstrasse
hohfurristrasse
hohgantweg
hohlandstrasse
hohle messe
hohlenbaumstieg
hohlenbaumstrasse
hohlenweg
hohlstrasse
hohmadpark
hohmadstrasse
hohmoos
holbeinplatz
holbeinstrasse
holbrigstrasse
holderbachweg
holdergasse
holderplatz
holderstrasse
holeestrasse
holenackerstrasse
hollande, place de
hollande, rue de
holligenstrasse
holunderhof
holunderweg
holzbrunnenstrasse
holzgasse
holzikofenweg
holzlegistrasse
holzmatt
holzstrasse
holzweid
holzwiesenweg
holzwiesweg
holzwingertstrasse
homburgerstrasse
hompelistrasse
honeggerweg
honigstrasse
honrainweg
hopfenrain
hopfenstrasse
hopfenweg
horburgstrasse
horensteinstrasse
horizon, rue de l'
hornbachstrasse
hornbergstrasse
horneggstrasse
hornergasse
hornung, rue
hortensienstrasse
hortinweg
horwerstrasse
hotelgasse
hottingerstrasse
hotzesteig
hotzestrasse
hubelmatt
hubelmattstrasse
hubelrain
hubelweg
hubenstrasse
huberstrasse
hubertusstrasse
huebstrasse
hufgasse
hugi, rue hans-
hugon, rue jean-louis-
hugostrasse
hulfteggstrasse
hulmenweg
humbert, rue charles-
humboldtstrasse
hungerbergstrasse
hungerb�hlerstrasse
hunnenstrasse
huob
hurbigweg
hurd�ckerstrasse
hurd�ckerweg
husmatt
hutgasse
huttensteig
huttenstrasse
huttins, avenue des
h�chster strasse
h�derlihof
h�drichstrasse
h�flistrasse
h�fliweg
h�gelerstrasse
h�gelerweg
h�gelstrasse
h�gelweg
h�ggersbergweg
h�henring
h�hensteig
h�henstrasse
h�henweg
h�heweg
h�htalstrasse
h�ldeliweg
h�lderlinsteig
h�lderlinstrasse
h�lzliweg
h�ndlerstrasse
h�nenbergring
h�nenbergstrasse
h�nggerstrasse
h�ningerstrasse
h�pital, faubourg de l'
h�pital, rue de l'
h�ringstrasse
h�rlenweg
h�rnlistrasse
h�rstholzstrasse
h�rstringstrasse
h�rststrasse
h�schgasse
h�singerstrasse
h�sliackerstrasse
h�slibachstrasse
h�sliweg
h�tel des postes
h�tel-de-ville, place
h�tel-de-ville, rue de l'
h�tel-de-ville, ruelle de
h�tres, rue des
h�ttenkopfstrasse
h�ttenwiesstrasse
h�ttenwiesweg
h�tterenstrasse
h�tterenweg
h�ttisstrasse
h�tzlergasse
in
isdc
ibachstrasse
ibergrain
ibergstrasse
ibergstutz
ida-str�uli-strasse
idaplatz
idastrasse
iddastrasse
ikarusstrasse
ilanzhofweg
ile, place de l'
ile, quai de l'
ilgenstrasse
illienweg
iltisstrasse
im aecherli
im alpenblick
im altried
im bahnhof
im baumgarten
im berg
im bergd�rfli
im bergli
im bettliacher
im birkenhof
im brand
im breitacher
im brisgi
im bruni
im br�chli
im br�el
im buchenegg
im burgfelderhof
im chloster
im chrumbacher
im davidsboden
im dorf
im ebnet
im eichb�hl
im eichh�lzli
im eichtal
im ergel
im eschengut
im ettingerhof
im feld
im feldtal
im flueholz
im freien
im gallusmarkt
im ganzenb�hl
im geissacker
im gern
im glockenacker
im glockengut
im graben
im grafenhag
im grafenstein
im grenzacherhof
im grund
im gr�fler
im gr�ntal
im guggenb�hl
im guldenen
im g�ssli
im haberacher
im hagenbr�nneli
im hau
im hegi
im heidacher
im heimatland
im heimgarten
im heimg�rtli
im hesseng�etli
im heuried
im hof
im holeeletten
im holzerhurd
im hummel
im h�fli
im h�gelacher
im h�gli
im h�lderli
im h�lzli
im ifang
im isengrind
im kehl
im kl�sterli
im kratz
im lahn
im langacker
im langen
im langen loh
im langholz
im langstuck
im langwil
im laternenacker
im laubegg
im lee
im leisib�hl
im lerchenb�el
im link
im lohnhof
im maas
im majorenacker
im margarethenletten
im margarethenpark
im mettle
im mittelleimbach
im mooshof
im morgentau
im neuguet
im oberstadel
im obstgarten
im radacker
im raind�rfli
im rankhof
im rheinacker
im riet
im rigiblick
im roggebode
im rossweidli
im r�teli
im r�thler
im sandb�hl
im schaber
im schilf
im schmiedenhof
im schweizersbild
im sch�nenberg
im sch�nengrund
im sch�tzenb�hl
im sch�tzenmattpark
im sesselacker
im spitzacker
im sporrer
im st. blasienhof
im steiacher
im stelzenacker
im stemmerli
im struppen
im str�ler
im stuckli
im stumpen
im stutz
im st�ckler
im surbeck
im surinam
im sydef�deli
im tannegg
im tiefen boden
im tiergarten
im tobelacher
im tobelacker
im trenschen
im trichtisal
im waidegg
im walder
im wasenboden
im weidli
im weiherhau
im wiesenbeetli
im wingert
im winkel
im witterswilerhof
im wyl
im zil
im zimmerhof
im z�pfli
im eisernen zeit
im oberen boden
im oberen gern
imberg�sslein
imbisb�hlhalde
imbisb�hlsteig
imbisb�hlstrasse
imbisb�hlweg
imbodenstrasse
imfangring
imfangstrasse
imfeldsteig
imfeldstrasse
immengasse
immenweg
immobili�re, esc. de l'
immobili�re, ruelle de l'
imp. centr. dist. br�
imp. centr. dist. cardada
imp. centr. dist. s. bern
in b�den
in b�ngerten
in gassen
in grosswiesen
in gruben
in wannen
in den klostermatten
in den klosterreben
in den r�tenen
in den schorenmatten
in den ziegelh�fen
in der au
in der breiti
in der euelwies
in der ey
in der halde
in der hub
in der h�rti
in der katzensteig
in der looren
in der l�ngi
in der sch�pf
in der sommerau
in der speck
in der w�sseri
inderm�hleweg
indiennerie, rue de l'
indipendenza, piazza
industrie, rue de l'
industriegasse
industriestrasse
industrieweg
informatique
ingelsteinweg
ingold, chemin fr�d�ric-
innere margarethenstrasse
innere ringstrasse
innerer egliseeweg
innerer sonnenweg
inselgasse
inselhofstrasse
inseliquai
inselspital
inselstrasse
institut de droit compar�
irchelstrasse
irisstrasse
irringersteig
isabelle, chemin
isabellenweg
ischer, chemin gottfried-
isenringweg
isteinerstrasse
italie, rue d'
itelpfad
j. -c. -heer-strasse
j. j. balmer-strasse
j. v. widmannstrasse
j.-h.-pestalozzi-allee
j.c. fischerstrasse
j.j. wepfer-strasse
jaques-dalcroze, bd e.-
jacob burckhardt-strasse
jacob-burckhardt-strasse
jaegerstrasse
jahnstrasse
jakob, rue
jakob-f�gli-strasse
jakob-peter-weg
jakob-rosius-strasse
jakob-strasse
jakob-st�mpfli-strasse
jakobsbergerholzweg
jakobstrasse
jaman, avenue de
jaques-dalcroze, av.
jaquet, rue jean-
jaquet-droz, rue
jardin anglais
jardinets, ruelle des
jardini�re, rue
jardins, rue des
jardins-de-pr�laz
jargonnant, place de
jargonnant, rue de
jauch, via
jaunweg
jean-sessler-strasse
jeanrenaud, quai
jeanrichard, rue daniel-
jenatschstrasse
jennerweg
jentzer, rue alcide-
jeu-de-l'arc, rue du
jeunesse, vall�e de la
joachim-hefti-weg
jodersmatt
johann-aberli-strasse
johann-g. -tulla-weg
johann-h.-laubscher-weg
johann-lisser-weg
johann-renfer-strasse
johann-verresius-strasse
johanna-hodel-gasse
johannastrasse
johannes beugger-strasse
johannes-ott-weg
johannesgasse
johannisstrasse
johanniterstrasse
joli-mont, avenue de
joliette, chemin de la
jolimont, avenue
jolimont, avenue de
jolimont, chemin de
jolimont, rue de
jolimontstrasse
jomini, avenue
jonas-furrer-strasse
jonction, avenue de la
jonction, rond-point de
jonquilles, rue des
joosr�tistrasse
joosr�tiweg
joran, chemin du
jorat, route du
jordils, avenue des
jorio, via san
josefstrasse
joux-derri�re, les
joux-perret, la
jubil�umsplatz
jubil�umsstrasse
juchstrasse
juchweg
jugiweg
juheestrasse
juheeweg
julia gauss-strasse
juliastrasse
julie-bikle-strasse
julierstrasse
jungfraustrasse
jungfrauweg
jungholzhof
jungholzstrasse
jungholzweg
jungstrasse
junkerngasse
jupitersteig
jupiterstrasse
jura, rue du
jura-industriel, rue du
jurastrasse
juravorstadt
jurigoz, avenue de
justice, chemin de la
justingerweg
j�chstrasse
j�gergasse
j�gerstrasse
j�gerweg
j�ggli, via mario
j�rusalem, rue de
kachelweg
kahlstrasse
kalandergasse
kalanderplatz
kalchb�hlstrasse
kalcheggweg
kalkbreitestrasse
kalkofenweg
kaltbrunnenstrasse
kaminfegergasse
kammelenbergstrasse
kamorstieg
kamorstrasse
kanalgasse
kanalstrasse
kandererstrasse
kannenfeldplatz
kannenfeldstrasse
kanonengasse
kanonenstrasse
kanonenweg
kantonsschule
kantonsschulstrasse
kantonsschulweg
kantonsspital
kantonsspital basel
kantstrasse
kanzleistrasse
kapellbr�cke
kapellenstrasse
kapellenweg
kapellgasse
kapellplatz
kapfsteig
kapfstrasse
kapfwaldweg
kappelergasse
kappelerweg
kappelistrasse
kappenb�hlstrasse
kappenb�hlweg
kapuzinerweg
karl barth-platz
karl jaspers-allee
karl matthaei-strasse
karl-b�rkli-strasse
karl-koch-strasse
karl-mathy-weg
karl-neuhaus-strasse
karl-schmid-strasse
karl-stauffer-strasse
karlstrasse
karpfenweg
karstg�sschen
karstlernstrasse
kartausgasse
kartausstrasse
kaserne
kasernenplatz
kasernenstrasse
kasimir-pfyffer-strasse
kasinog�sschen
kasinostrasse
kasparstrasse
kastanienweg
kastellstrasse
kastellweg
kastelstrasse
kasthoferstrasse
katharina-sulzer-platz
katharinengasse
katharinenweg
katzenbachstrasse
katzenbachweg
katzenschwanzstrasse
katzenseestrasse
kauffmannstrasse
kauffmannweg
kaufhausgasse
kaysersbergerstrasse
kegelg�sschen
kehlhof
kehlhofstrasse
kehlstrasse
kehrackerstrasse
kehrgasse
kelchweg
kellerg�sslein
kellersried, chemin
kellersriedweg
kellerstrasse
kellerweg
keltenstrasse
kembserweg
kempfhofweg
kempterstrasse
kermely, chemin
kern, rue du docteur-
kernstrasse
kesselgasse
kesselgutstieg
kesselhaldenhof
kesselhaldenstrasse
kesselstrasse
kesslerstrasse
kettberg
kettenweg
kiefernweg
kienastenwiesweg
kienbergstrasse
kieselgasse
kiesstrasse
kiesweiherstrasse
kikajons, chemin des
kilchbergsteig
kilchbergstrasse
kindergarten allmend
kindergarten sonnmatt
kindergarten st. ursus
kindergarten ziegelhau
kindergarten im graben
kindergartenstrasse
kinderheim riederenholz
kinderklinik
kinkelstrasse
kiosk bucheggplatz
kiosk hafen enge
kiosk katzensee
kiosk welle
kiosque
kirchackerstrasse
kirchackerweg
kirchbergerstrasse
kirchbergstrasse
kirchb�hlweg
kirchenackerweg
kirchenfeld
kirchenfeld, chemin du
kirchenfeldstrasse
kirchenfeldweg
kirchenweg
kirchgasse
kirchg�ssli
kirchhofplatz
kirchlistrasse
kirchplatz
kirchweg
kirschbl�tenweg
kirschenweg
kirschgartenstrasse
kisslingweg
kistlerweg
klarastrasse
klaraweg
klausstrasse
klausweg
klebestrasse
kleefeldstrasse
kleeweidstrasse
kleinalbis
kleinbergstrasse
kleinbuchbergweg
kleinb�hlstrasse
kleiner muristalden
kleinertstrasse
kleinh�ningeranlage
kleinh�ningerstrasse
kleinmattstrasse
kleinriehenstrasse
kleinr�ti
kleinstrasse
klingelbergstrasse
klingenstrasse
klingental
klingentalgraben
klingentalstrasse
klingnaustrasse
klinik stephanshorn
kloosweg
klopstockstrasse
klosbachstrasse
klosestrasse
klosterberg
klosterfiechten
klosterfiechtenweg
klostergasse
klosterhof
klosterstrasse
klosterweg
klosterweidlistrasse
klubhausstrasse
klusd�rfli
kluseggstrasse
kluserstrasse
klushau
klusstrasse
klusweg
klybeckstrasse
kl�berg, place
kl�berg, rue
kl�sterlistutz
knapp, rue charles-
knospenweg
kn�ringerstrasse
kn�slihubelweg
kn�slistrasse
koblerstrasse
kocher, rue theodor-
kochergasse
kochstrasse
kohlenberg
kohlenberggasse
kohlenstrasse
kohlfirststrasse
kolbenacker
kolbenhofstrasse
kolibriweg
kollerh�sli
kollerweg
kolosseumstrasse
kolumbanstrasse
kometstr�sschen
konkordiastrasse
konkordiaweg
konrad-ilg-strasse
konradstrasse
konradweg
konsumstrasse
kontrollstrasse
korallenstieg
korallenstrasse
kornamtsweg
kornblumenweg
korneliusstrasse
kornellen
kornfeldweg
korngasse
kornhausbr�cke
kornhausgasse
kornhausplatz
kornhausstrasse
kornmarkt
kornmarktgasse
kornweg
kosakenweg
krachenrain
kraftstrasse
kramburgstrasse
kramgasse
krankenhausstrasse
krankenheim wittigkofen
krankenschwesternschule
kranzweg
krattenallee
krattenbach
krattenturmstrasse
kratzstrasse
krebsbachstrasse
krebsgasse
kreuzackerstrasse
kreuzackerweg
kreuzbleichestrasse
kreuzbleicheweg
kreuzbuchrain
kreuzbuchstrasse
kreuzb�hlstrasse
kreuzb�hlweg
kreuzeggweg
kreuzgasse
kreuzgutweg
kreuzhofweg
kreuzlibergsteig
kreuzlibergstrasse
kreuzmattweg
kreuzplatz
kreuzstrasse
kreuzweg
kreuzwiesen
krieg, avenue
krippenstrasse
krokusweg
kronaustrasse
kronbergstrasse
kronenacker
kronengasse
kroneng�sschen
kronenhalde
kronenh�lzlistrasse
kronenstrasse
krongasse
krontalstrasse
kronwiesenstrasse
kruggasse
krummacker
krummackerstrasse
krummgasse
kr�belistrasse
kr�hb�hlsteig
kr�hb�hlstrasse
kr�hb�hlweg
kr�henberg, rue du
kr�henbergstrasse
kr�nleinstrasse
kr�sistrasse
kr�uelgasse
kr�zernstrasse
kubelstrasse
kublystrasse
kugelgasse
kuhnweg
kunklerstrasse
kunsteisbahn margarethen
kunsthaus
kurfirstensteig
kurfirstenstrasse
kurhaus oberwaid
kurhausstrasse
kurlistrasse
kurplatz
kursaalstrasse
kurvenstrasse
kurzenbergstrasse
kurzgasse
kurzstrasse
kurzweg
kuttelgasse
kutter, chemin wilhelm-
kyburgstrasse
kyburgweg
k�chengasse
k�chlistrasse
k�ferholzstrasse
k�figg�sschen
k�geliloostrasse
k�hlbergstrasse
k�hriedweg
k�llikerstrasse
k�mbelgasse
k�ngengasse
k�ngenmatt
k�nigweg
k�nizstrasse
k�nstlergasse
k�nzi-matt
k�nzlistrasse
k�rbergsteig
k�rbergstrasse
k�rnerstrasse
k�schenr�tistrasse
k�schenr�tiweg
k�serei spitzfluh
k�shaldenstrasse
lea
leso
la cabane
la nicca, chemin richard-
la carit�
labo
labo energie solaire
laboratoriumstrasse
labours, chemin des
lac, faubourg du
lac, place du
lac, promenade du
lac, rue du
lachenacker
lachenal, rue adrien-
lachenstrasse
lachenweg
lachenzelgstrasse
lagerhausstrasse
lagerhausweg
lagerplatz
lagerstrasse
lagerweg
lahnbuck
lahnhalde
lahnstieg
lahnstrasse
lallemand, rue j.-j.-
lamartine, rue
lamperdingen
lamprechtweg
landauerhofweg
landauerstrasse
lande, chemin de la
landenbergstrasse
landes, chemin des
landgut
landgut staffeln
landgut unterl�chli
landhaus rothen
landhausstrasse
landhausweg
landhusweg
landisstrasse
landoltstrasse
landschau-terrasse
landschaustrasse
landskronstrasse
landungsbr�cke
landvogt-waser-strasse
landvogteischloss
langackerstrasse
langackerweg
langallerie, rue de
lange gasse
langemarchstein
langensandh�he
langensandrain
langensandstrasse
langensandweg
langensteinenstrasse
langestrasse
langfurren
langfurrenstrasse
langgasse
langgr�tstrasse
langgr�tweg
langhagweg
langhanserg�sschen
langhaus
langmattweg
langmauerstrasse
langmauerweg
langobardenstrasse
langstrasse
languedoc, chemin du
langweid
langweidstrasse
langwiesenstrasse
langwiesstrasse
lapin-vert, ruelle du
largitzenstrasse
laser, all�e du
laternengasse
laubeckstrasse
laubeggstrasse
laubiweg
laubscher, ch. johann-h.-
lauenenweg
laufenburgerstrasse
laufenstrasse
laufferweg
laupenring
laupenstrasse
laurenzgasse
lausanne, rue de
lautengartenstrasse
lavaterstrasse
lavaux, avenue de
lavendelweg
lavizzari, via
le-corbusier, rue
le-corbusier-platz
le-fort, rue fran�ois-
lebernstrasse
lebristweg
ledergasse
leesteig
leestrasse
lehenmattstrasse
lehensteig
lehenstrasse
lehfrauenweg
lehmgrubenweg
lehnhaldenstrasse
lehnstrasse
leimatstrasse
leimbachstrasse
leimeneggstrasse
leimenstrasse
leimgrubenweg
leimgr�belstrasse
leisihaldenstrasse
leisis, chemin de
lenaustrasse
lengghalde
lenggstrasse
lengnaustrasse
lentulusrain
lentulusstrasse
lenzgasse
lenzweg
leonhard-ragaz-weg
leonhardsberg
leonhardsgraben
leonhardshalde
leonhardskirchplatz
leonhardsstapfelberg
leonhardsstrasse
leonhardstrasse
lepori, via giuseppe
lerberstrasse
lerchenberg
lerchenfeldstrasse
lerchenfeldweg
lerchenhalde
lerchenrain
lerchenstrasse
lerchentalstrasse
lerchentalweg
lerchenweg
lescaze, chemin william-
leschot, rue
lessingstrasse
lessiveries, passage des
lettenfussweg
lettenholzstrasse
lettensteg
lettenstrasse
letzigraben
letzistrasse
letziweg
leubank
leubringenweg
leuenbergerstrasse
leuengasse
leugene, rue de la
leugenestrasse
leumatt
leumattstrasse
leutholdstrasse
leutschenbachstrasse
levant, chemin du
levant, rue du
liaudoz, chemin du
libellenh�he
libellenrain
libellenstrasse
libellenweg
libellules, chemin des
libert�, boulevard de la
lichtstrasse
lidostrasse
liebeggweg
liebenauweg
liebensteinstrasse
liebestrasse
liegehalle
lienertstrasse
lienhard, rue hermann-
liesbergerstrasse
liestalerstrasse
ligusterstrasse
ligusterweg
lilas, chemin des
lilas, rue des
lilienstrasse
lilienthalstrasse
lilienweg
limmatauweg
limmatplatz
limmatpromenade
limmatquai
limmatstrasse
limmattalstrasse
linck, passage
lindbergstrasse
lindbergwaldstrasse
lindenauweg
lindenbachstrasse
lindenberg
lindenegg
lindenfeldsteig
lindenfeldstrasse
lindenfeldweid
lindengartenweg
lindenhausstrasse
lindenhof
lindenhof, rue du
lindenhofspital
lindenhofstrasse
lindenplatz
lindenrain
lindenstrasse
lindentalstrasse
lindenweg
lindliweg
lindstrasse
linggenbergstrasse
linseb�hlstrasse
linsenb�hlhaus
lintheschergasse
lion-d'or, rue du
lions, passage des
liotard, rue
lischenweg
liseron, chemin du
liseron, rue du
liserons, chemin des
lisi�re, chemin de la
lisser, chemin johann-
lissignol, rue
littauerboden
lobbia, via
lochbrunnenweg
lochmannstrasse
lochstrasse
locle, rue du
loge, rue de la
logengasse
logitech
lohnhofg�sslein
lohnstrasse
lohweg
lombachweg
lombard, rue
lommisweg
long-champ, chemin du
longeau, rue de
longemalle, place de
longeraie, chemin de
longue-rue
lontschenenweg
loogartenstrasse
loorenhalde
loorenrain
loorenrank
loorenstrasse
loorstrasse
looslistrasse
lorbeerstrasse
lore-sandoz-weg
lorrainestrasse
lory, rue gabriel-
loryspital
lorystrasse
losh�sli
losiardes, chemin des
lothringerplatz
lothringerstrasse
louis-agassiz, rue
louis-br�guet-weg
louve, place de la
louve, rue de la
luchswiesenstrasse
lucinge, chemin de
lucomagno, via
ludwigstrasse
lueg
luegete
luegetenstrasse
luegislandstrasse
luftg�sslein
luftmattstrasse
lugano, via
lugardon, rue
luggwegstrasse
luini, via bernardino
luisenstrasse
luisenweg
lukas legrand-strasse
lukasstrasse
lullin, rue ami-
lunastrasse
lupins, chemin des
lureiweg
lussex, chemin du
lustgartenstrasse
luternauweg
lutherstrasse
lux-guyer-weg
luzernerring
luzernerstrasse
lyc�e, sentier du
lyon, rue de
lyon-strasse
lyrenweg
lys, chemin des
lysb�chelstrasse
l�chliweg
l�delistrasse
l�gernstrasse
l�hrenweg
l�man, avenue du
l�man, rue du
l�mmlisbrunnenstrasse
l�ndliweg
l�ndtestrasse
l�ndteweg
l�ngenbergstrasse
l�ngfeldweg
l�nggasse
l�nggassstrasse
l�ngg�ssli
l�ngmatt
l�ngweiherstrasse
l�rchenstrasse
l�ssliweg
l�tschbergweg
l�tzelmattstrasse
l�tzelmattweg
l�tzelstrasse
l�ufebachweg
l�uferg�sschen
l�uferplatz
l�vrier, rue ami-
l�wen-terrasse
l�wenbergstrasse
l�wengasse
l�wengraben
l�wengrube
l�weng�sschen
l�wenplatz
l�wenstrasse
l�zard, chemin du
ma
me
meylan, rue pedro-
mp sch�nburg
mx
maagplatz
machine, pont de la
madeleine, place de la
madeleine, rue
madeleine, rue de la
maderno, via carlo
maderstrasse
madretsch, rue de
madretschstrasse
magazinweg
magdalenenstrasse
magdenstrasse
maggini, via carlo
magistra, via pietro
maglio, via al
magniberg
magnihalden
magnolias, chemin des
magnoliastrasse
magnolienpark
magnolienstrasse
magnolienweg
magnusstrasse
magoria, via
maienburgweg
maiengasse
maienriedweg
maienstrasse
maienweg
maigl�ggliweg
maihofhalde
maihofmatte
maihofstrasse
mail, avenue du
mailand-strasse
maillefer, chemin de
maillefer, rue de
main, rue de la
mainaustrasse
mairet, rue sophie-
mairie, rue de la
maison rouge, rue de la
maison des scouts
maisons familiales
maispracherweg
maladi�re, rue de la
malagnou, route de
malatrex, rue de
malbuisson, galerie jean-
malergasse
malerweg
mallet-du-pan, clos
malley, chemin de
mallieu, chemin de
malmera, via
malojaweg
malombr�, chemin
malvenstrasse
malvenweg
malzgasse
malzstrasse
mal�, via gian battista
mandement, rue du
maneggpromenade
manessestrasse
mannenriedstrasse
manoir, chemin du
mansbergweg
mantegazza, via gregorio
mantelgasse
manuelstrasse
man�ge, rue du
marais, chemin du
marais, rue du
mara�chers, rue des
marbachweg
marbriers, rue des
marcacci, via
marchandises, avenue des
marchandises, rue des
marchwartstrasse
march�, escaliers du
march�, place du
march�, rue du
march�-neuf, rue du
marelle, chemin de la
margaretenweg
margarethenstrasse
margerol, chemin de
margrit-rainer-strasse
margritenweg
marguerite-weidauer-weg
marguerites, chemin des
maria-belgia, avenue
maria-k�bler-weg
mariahilfgasse
mariani, via professor
mariasteinstrasse
marienstrasse
marignac, rue
marignanostrasse
marin, route de
marins, ruelle des
mariotti, salita
markgr�flerstrasse
markircherstrasse
marktgass-passage
marktgasse
marktplatz
marktplatzpavillon
markusstrasse
marliano, via pietro da
marmorgasse
marni�re, chemin de la
marquard wocherstrasse
marronnier, chemin du
marronniers, rue des
marschalkenstrasse
marsstrasse
marstallweg
marta, vicolo santa
martastrasse
marteau, place jean-
martenet, rue
marterey, rue
martin, promenade charles
martin, rue camille-
martin, rue frank-
martinet, chemin du
martinets, chemin des
martino, via san
martinsbergstrasse
martinsbruggstrasse
martinsgasse
martinskirchplatz
martinstrasse
martiweg
marval, passage
marval, rue f.-c.-de-
marweesstrasse
marzilistrasse
mar�chaux, rue des
masaryk, rue thomas
masbou, rue
masino, via
massot, rue firmin-
mathey, rue ph.-henri-
mathilde paravicini-str.
mathy, chemin karl-
math�matiques
matile, rue g.-a.-
matines, chemin des
mattackerstrasse
mattenbachstrasse
mattenenge
mattengasse
mattenhof
mattenhofstrasse
mattenstrasse
mattenweg
matterstrasse
matthof
matthofgarten
matthofring
matthofstrand
matthofstrasse
matth�hering
matth�usstrasse
mattrain
mattstrasse
mattweg
matzenriedstrasse
mat�riaux
mauborget, rue
mauchamp, chemin du
mauerrain
mauerstrasse
maujobia, chemin de
maulbeerplatz
maulbeerstrasse
maunoir, rue
maupas, rue du
maurerweg
maurice, rue
max-bill-platz
max-daetwyler-platz
max-h�gger-strasse
mayor, passage mathias-
mayor, ruelle william-
mayoresses, chemin des
mayweg
ma�ons, chemin des
meggerhornweg
meienbergstrasse
meienried, chemin de
meienriedweg
meientalstrasse
meier-bosshard-strasse
meierhofplatz
meierhofstrasse
meierweg
meierwiesen
meierwiesenstrasse
meilistrasse
meiliweg
meillerie, chemin de
meinisbergweg
meinrad-lienert-strasse
meinradstrasse
meisengasse
meisenrain
meisenstrasse
meisenweg
melchenb�hlweg
melchiorstrasse
melchtalstrasse
mellingerstrasse
melonenstrasse
meltingerstrasse
menn, rue barth�lemy-
menthon, avenue
mercerie, rue
mercier, av. j.-j.
mercier, place isaac-
meret oppenheim-strasse
merian iselin spital
merkurstrasse
merle-d'aubign�, rue
mervelet, avenue du
merzenacker
mesolcina, piazza
mesolcina, via
messeillers, rue des
messeplatz
messerliweg
messidor, chemin
messikommerstrasse
mestrezat, chemin
metallstrasse
metro-shop
mettenwylstrasse
mettlen, chemin
mettlenstrasse
mettlenweg
mettstrasse
metzerstrasse
metzgergasse
metzgerrainle
metzgerstrasse
metzggasse
meuni�re, chemin de la
meuqueux, all�e des
meuron, passage max.-
meyerstrasse
meyrin, route de
mezenerweg
mezzavilla, via
mia chesa
micafilstrasse
michael-maggi-strasse
michelbacherstrasse
michele, salita san
micheli-du-crest, rue
michelstrasse
microtechnique
midi, rue du
midi, ruelle du
migros-markt
milan, avenue de
milan, place de
milchbuckstrasse
milieu, rue du
milit�r
milit�rstrasse
mille-boilles, rue des
mimosenstrasse
mindstrasse
mine-d'or, chemin de la
minervastrasse
mines, chemin des
mingerstrasse
minigolf lido
minoteries, rue des
mirabellenstrasse
miranda, via
mirasole, via
miremont, avenue de
miremont, chemin de
missionsstrasse
mittagweg
mittelbergsteig
mittelholzerstrasse
mittelstrasse
mittelweg
mittlere gasse
mittlere gerberstrasse
mittlere ringstrasse
mittlere strasse
mittlerer hompeliweg
mittleres hofg�sslein
mockentobel
moderna, via alla
mohnhaus
mohnweg
moillebeau, rue de
mola, via pier francesco
molard, place du
molkenstrasse
mollendruz, chemin du
mollie margot, route de
molliettes, chemin des
molo, via cancelliere
molz, rue adam-friedrich-
mol�son, chemin du
mol�son, rue du
mommsenstrasse
mon-d�sir, chemin
mon-d�sirweg
mon-foyer, rue
mon-loisir, avenue
mon-repos, avenue
mon-repos, parc
mon-soleil, chemin de
monache, via delle
monard, chemin albert-
monbijoustrasse
monikastrasse
moning, rue david-
monnaie, passage de la
monnaie, rue de la
monnard, rue charles-
monnier, rue
monreposweg
monribeau, chemin de
monruz, rue de
mont, route du
mont-blanc, avenue du
mont-blanc, esplanade du
mont-blanc, quai du
mont-blanc, rue du
mont-cornu
mont-goulin, avenue de
mont-jaques, rue du
mont-paisible, chemin de
mont-riant, chemin de
mont-tendre, chemin du
mont-d'amin, rue du
mont-d'or, avenue du
mont-de-sion, rue du
montagibert, avenue
montagne, rue de la
montagne-de-boujean
montagne-de-diesse, route
montagne-de-nidau
montagnons, rue des
montbenon, avenue de
montbrillant, place de
montbrillant, rue de
montbrillant, ruelle
montchoisi, avenue de
montchoisy, rue de
monte br�, sentiero
monte br�, via
monte crenone, via
monte gaggio, via
montebello, salita al cas
monteguzzo, via
montelly, chemin de
monthoux, rue de
monti laura, via
monti di prada, via
monti, via ai
montillier, chemin du
montmeillan, chemin de
montm�nil, chemin de
montoie, avenue de
montolieu, ch. isabelle
montolivet, chemin de
montoz, chemin du
montozweg
montriond, passage de
monts, chemin des
mont�tan, chemin de
monument im fruchtland
moosacker
moosackerstrasse
moosbergerweg
moosbruggstrasse
moosgartenstrasse
mooshof
moosmattstrasse
moosm�hlestrasse
moosstrasse
moosweg
mooswiesenweg
moraine, chemin de la
morat, rue de
mordasini, via sergio
morellweg
morettina, via alla
morettini, piazzetta
morgarten, rue de
morgartenring
morgartenstrasse
morgenhaldenstrasse
morgenhaldenweg
morgenrainstrasse
morgenstrasse
morgentalstrasse
morgentalweg
morgenweg
morges, avenue de
morillons, route des
morillonstrasse
morinascio, carrale
moritzweg
morley, via sara
mornex, chemin de
moro, via lodovico il
morse, all�e david-
mor�nenstrasse
moser, rue alexander-
moserstrasse
moserweg
mostackerstrasse
motorenstrasse
motta, avenue giuseppe-
motta, lungolago giuseppe
motta, salita alla
motta, via emilio
motta, via della
motta, viale giuseppe
motta, vicolo della
mottarone, via
mottastrasse
motte, chemin de la
motto d'arbino, via
motto di mornera, via
motto, via al
mouettes, chemin des
moulin, pont-du-
moulin, rue du
moulins, quai des
moulins, rue des
moulins-raichlen, rue des
mousquines, avenue des
moussonstrasse
moynier, rue gustave-
mozartstrasse
muesmattstrasse
muespacherstrasse
muggenb�hlstrasse
muggiasca, vicolo
muguet, chemin du
mulchlingerstrasse
mulets, chemin des
mulini, via ai
muller-brun, rue gustave-
multergasse
municipio
municipio, via
munier-romilly, rue
munothaldenweg
munotstieg
munotstrasse
munzingerstrasse
muraccio, piazza
muracker
muralti, via dei
murate, via
murbacherstrasse
muret, passage jean-
murhaldenweg
murifeldweg
muristrasse
murmattweg
muro della rossa, via
murtengasse
murtenstrasse
murwiesenstrasse
muse, rue de la
museggrain
museggstrasse
museumstrasse
mussard, rue henri-
mus�e, rue du
mus�es, rue des
mutachstrasse
mutschellenstrasse
mutzent�li
muveran, chemin du
muzy, rue
myrtenstrasse
myrtenweg
mythenquai
mythenstrasse
mythenweg
m�che, rue de
m�cklistrasse
m�dergutstrasse
m�derstrasse
m�hlackerstrasse
m�hlbergweg
m�hle
m�hleackerstrasse
m�hlebachstrasse
m�hlebachweg
m�hlebr�cke
m�hlebr�ckestrasse
m�hleb�hlstrasse
m�hledorfstrasse
m�hlefeld
m�hlefeldallee
m�hlefeldweg
m�hlegasse
m�hlehalde
m�hlehaldensteig
m�hlemattrain
m�hlemattstrasse
m�hlemattweg
m�hlenberg
m�hlenplatz
m�hlensteg
m�hlenstrasse
m�hlentalstrasse
m�hlentalstr�sschen
m�hlenweg
m�hleplatz
m�hlestrasse
m�hleweg
m�hlezelgstrasse
m�hrlistrasse
m�le, rue du
m�lhauserstrasse
m�linenstrasse
m�ller-friedberg-strasse
m�llerstrasse
m�llheimerstrasse
m�l�zes, rue des
m�mise, chemin de
m�mises, chemin des
m�nchbergstrasse
m�nchensteinerstrasse
m�nchhaldenstrasse
m�nchsbergerstrasse
m�nchsteig
m�nchstrasse
m�nchweg
m�nger, rue arthur-
m�ngerstrasse
m�nsterberg
m�nstergasse
m�nsterhof
m�nsterplattform
m�nsterplatz
m�ntzbergstrasse
m�nzgasse
m�nzgraben
m�nzlishausenstrasse
m�nzplatz
m�nzrain
m�rier, chemin du
m�rsbergerstrasse
m�rsburgstrasse
m�rtschenstrasse
m�sanges, chemin des
m�seliweg
m�slen
m�slenstrasse
m�slinweg
m�sliweg
m�tairie, chemin de la
m�tiers, rue des
m�tropole, place de la
m�ttelistrasse
m�ttiwil
m�venstrasse
m�venweg
m�zery, chemin de
m��slistrasse
nadelberg
nado girandolo, via del
naefels, chemin de
naglerwiesenstrasse
naine, avenue charles-
nansenstrasse
nant, rue du
nant-cayla, chemin du
napfbachstrasse
napfgasse
narcisses, chemin des
narzissenstrasse
narzissenweg
nasenweg
nationales curlingzentrum
nationalquai
nauenstrasse
navett, via
navigation, place de la
navigation, rue de la
naviglio, via vecchio
neapel-strasse
nebelbachstrasse
necker, rue
neeserweg
neftenbacherstrasse
neherstieg
nelkenstrasse
nelkenweg
nemours, rue marie-de-
nenzlingerstrasse
neptunstrasse
nespolo, sentiero al
nessi, via angelo
nessi, via gian gaspare
nessi, vicolo dei
nestweg
nestweiherstrasse
nettie-sutro-strasse
neuackerstrasse
neubadstrasse
neubourg, rue du
neubruchstrasse
neubr�ckstrasse
neuburgstrasse
neub�chel
neub�hl
neub�hlstrasse
neuch�tel, route de
neuch�tel, rue de
neudorfstrasse
neue gasse
neue hard
neuenburgstrasse
neuengass-passage
neuengasse
neuengassunterf�hrung
neuenhoferstrasse
neuensteinerstrasse
neuf, chemin
neufeldhaus
neufeldstrasse
neufrankengasse
neugadenmatt
neugasse
neugrundstrasse
neugutstrasse
neuhaus, rue karl-
neuhausstrasse
neuhausweg
neuhofweg
neuhushof
neuh�fliweg
neumarkt
neumarkt 1
neumarkt 2
neumarkt 3
neumarkt 4
neumarkt 5
neumarktstrasse
neumatt
neumattstrasse
neum�hlequai
neum�hlestrasse
neum�nsterallee
neum�nsterstrasse
neunbrunnenstrasse
neustadt
neustadtgasse
neustadtstrasse
neustrasse
neutalstrasse
neutrottenstrasse
neuve, place
neuve, place de
neuve, rue
neuve-du-molard, rue
neuweg
neuweilerplatz
neuweilerstrasse
neuwies
neuwiesenstrasse
nicole, rue l�on-
nicolet, rue c�lestin-
nicolet, rue emile-
nidau, rue de
nidaubergli
nidaugasse
nidelbadstrasse
nidwaldnerstrasse
niederbottigenweg
niederdorfstrasse
niederfeldstrasse
niederfeldweg
niederhofenrain
niederhornstrasse
niederriedweg
niesenblickstrasse
niesenstrasse
niesenweg
nietengasse
nietlibogenweg
niggelerstrasse
niklaus von fl�e-strasse
niklausenstieg
niklausstrasse
nischenweg
nizzola, via g.
nocca, via
noceto, vicolo al
noirmont, chemin du
noisetiers, chemin des
nonnenweg
norastrasse
nord, chemin du
nord, place du
nord, rue du
nordbr�cke
nordhaus
nordheimstrasse
nordring
nordstrasse
nordweg
normannenstrasse
nosetto, piazza
nosetto, via
notkerianum
notkerstrasse
notzensch�rlistrasse
nouvelle-h�lo�se, rue de
novarastrasse
novena, via
noyers, rue des
nufenenstrasse
numa-droz, rue
nussbaumstrasse
nussbaumweg
nussb�hlweg
nussgasse
nydeggasse
nydeggstalden
n�felserstrasse
n�fenackerstrasse
n�fgasse
n�geligasse
n�gelihof
n�gelistrasse
n�geliweg
n�gelseestrasse
n�nenenstrasse
n�nenenweg
n�renbergstrasse
n�schelerstrasse
n�tzlistrasse
ober emmetschloo
ober rebstock
ober-rebstock
oberalpstrasse
oberbergstrasse
oberbottigenrain
oberbottigenweg
oberbrandstrasse
oberdorfstrasse
obere bergstrasse
obere berneggstrasse
obere bl�sistrasse
obere briggerstrasse
obere b�schenstrasse
obere dattenbergstrasse
obere engelaustrasse
obere felsenstrasse
obere friedhofstrasse
obere gasse
obere geerenstrasse
obere gerberstrasse
obere halde
obere hauptgasse
obere hohlgasse
obere kehlstrasse
obere kirchgasse
obere m�hlentreppe
obere reherstrasse
obere schleifestrasse
obere sch�ntalstrasse
obere waidstrasse
obere wart
obere weiherstrasse
obere wildeggstrasse
obere zollgasse
obere z�une
oberer aareggweg
oberer batterieweg
oberer deutweg
oberer graben
oberer heuelsteig
oberer kirchliweg
oberer leimatweg
oberer quai
oberer rheinweg
oberer schulweg
oberer ziegelhau
oberes alpgut
oberes hohmoos
oberfeldstrasse
oberfeldweg
obergadenmatt
obergasse
obergericht
obergrundstrasse
oberg�ssli
oberg�tschhalde
oberg�tschrain
oberg�tschstrasse
oberg�tschweg
oberhaldenstrasse
oberhardstrasse
oberhaslistrasse
oberhochb�hl
oberhof
oberhofstettenstrasse
oberhofstettenweg
oberholzstrasse
oberloch
oberl�chli
obermatt
obermattstrasse
oberm�hlestrasse
oberm�ttlistrasse
oberm�ttliweg
oberradstrasse
oberrengg
oberrohrdorferstrasse
oberschachenstrasse
oberseeburg
oberseeburghalde
oberseeburgh�he
oberseeburgrain
oberseenerstrasse
oberstadt
oberstadtstrasse
oberstrasse
obertor
oberweg
oberwiesenstrasse
oberwiesenweg
oberwil
oberwilerstrasse
oberzilstrasse
obmannamtsgasse
observatoire, rue de l'
obstbergweg
obstgartensteig
obstgartenstrasse
obstgartenweg
obsthaldenstrasse
obwaldnerstrasse
oche, chemin de l'
ochette, chemin de l'
ochsenbein, ch. ulrich-
ochsenbeinstrasse
ochsengasse
octroi, rue de l'
oeillets, rue des
oekolampadstrasse
oelbergstrasse
oelrainstrasse
oerlifall
oerlifallstieg
oerlikonerstrasse
oesterliwaldweg
oestliche bergstrasse
oetenbachgasse
oetlingerstrasse
oetlisbergstrasse
oeuches, chemin des
offenburgerstrasse
officina, viale
ohm, chemin
ohm-weg
ohmstrasse
ohrb�hlstrasse
oiseaux, avenue des
oisillons, chemin des
okenstrasse
oleanderstrasse
olgastrasse
olivengasse
olivenweg
olives, rue des
olivier, avenue juste-
oliviers, rue des
olsbergerweg
oltingerstrasse
ombreval, chemin d'
ondine, chemin de l'
opfenauweg
opfikonstrasse
oppliger, rue fritz-
optingenstrasse
orangerie, rue de l'
oranienburgstrasse
oratoire, rue de l'
orazi, vicolo degli
orba, via carrale
orbello, via
orelli, piazza
orelli, via giov. antonio
orellistrasse
orico, piazza
orico, via
orient-ville, rue
oriette, rue de l'
orl�ans, rue louis-d'
ormalingerweg
ormeaux, rue des
ormes, rue des
oron, route d'
orpond, route d'
orpundstrasse
orselina, via
ortsstrasse
or�e, rue de l'
or�e-du-bois, route de l'
oscar frey-strasse
osches, chemin des
oskar-bider-strasse
oslo-strasse
ospedale
ospedale san giovanni
ospedale, via
ospedale, via all'
ospedale, vicolo
ostb�hlstrasse
ostermundigenstrasse
osterwald, quai
ostring
oststrasse
othmar-sch�ckweg
othmarstrasse
otmarstrasse
ottenbergstrasse
ottenweg
otteregass
otterngutstrasse
ottikerstrasse
ottikerweg
ottilienstrasse
otto-c.-b�nninger-weg
otto-lang-weg
otto-sch�tz-weg
ottostrasse
ouches, chemin des
ouchy, avenue d'
ouchy, quai d'
ouest, cit�-de-l'
ours, place de l'
owenweg
ph
phs
po
pse
pace, via della
page, quai charles-
pain-blanc, rue de
paix, avenue de la
paix, chemin de la
paix, rue de la
palais dupeyrou
paleyres, chemin des
pallin, chemin de
palme, via delle
palmenstrasse
palmenweg
palmiers, chemin des
palmstrasse
palud, place de la
panigari, via
pannelle, via
panoramastrasse
panoramaweg
pantera, via
paolo, via san
papierm�hlestrasse
papierm�hleweg
pappelnstrasse
pappelstrasse
pappelweg
paracelsusstrasse
paradeplatz
paradiesg�ssli
paradieshofstrasse
paradiesstrasse
paradiso, via
parc renfer
parc, chemin du
parc, rue du
parc-de-valency, ch. du
parc-de-la-rouvraie, av.
parco, via
parcs, rue des
parketteriestrasse
parkhaus bahnhof
parkring
parkstrasse
parkterrasse
parkweg
par�, vicolo
pasquier, rue joseph-
passage bahnhofquai
passage bahnhofstrasse
passage l�wenstrasse
passage sihlquai
passerella, via
passerelle, chemin de la
passerellenweg
passerose, chemin de
passetto, via del
passiaux, chemin des
passwangstrasse
pasteur, ch. adolphe
pasteurstrasse
patinoire, rue de la
patocchi, via
patriziale, via
patru, rue
paul sacher-anlage
paul-brandt-strasse
paul-brandt-weg
paul-clairmont-strasse
paul-emile-brandt-strasse
paul-pfl�ger-strasse
paul-robert-weg
paulstrasse
paulus-weg
paulusgasse
pavement, route du
pavillard, chemin jean-
pavillon, chemin du
pavillons, rue des
pavillonweg
pavots, chemin des
pav�s, chemin des
payot, place ren�-
payot, rue edouard-
paysans-horlogers, all�e
pedemonte, via
pedevilla, via
pedotti, via federico
pedramonte, via
pedrazzini, piazza g.
pedrazzini, via alberto
pelikanplatz
pelikanstrasse
pelikanweg
pellandini, via claudio
perdonnet, passage
perdu, le chemin
pergola, carrale
pernette, chemin de la
perret-gentil, rue g.-
perret-gentil, rue mo�se
perrier, quai louis
perri�re, rue de la
perron, rue du
perr�az, chemin de
personalhaus
personenunterf�hrung ost
pertuis-du-sault, ch. du
pervenches, chemin des
pescatori, via
pescatori, via carrale
peschier, avenue
peschiera, via alla
pesci, vicolo dei
pestalozzi, all�e j.-h.-
pestalozzi, rue
pestalozzi, via enrico
pestalozzistrasse
peter merian-strasse
peter merian-weg
peter ochs-strasse
peter rot-strasse
peter-und-paul-strasse
petersgasse
petersgraben
peterskirchplatz
petersplatz
peterweg
petit-beaulieu, rue du
petit-cat�chisme, ch. du
petit-ch�ne, au
petit-ch�ne, rue du
petit-ch�teau, chemin du
petit-ch�teau, rue du
petit-clos, chemin du
petit-flon, chemin du
petit-marais
petit-pontarlier, ch. du
petit-rocher, rue du
petit-saconnex, chemin du
petit-saconnex, place du
petit-saint-jean, rue du
petit-sal�ve, rue du
petit-senn, rue
petit-valentin, rue du
petite-boissi�re, chemin
petite-fusterie, place
petite-source, ch. de la
petites-crosettes, les
petitot, rue jean-
petitpierre, quai max-
petits-ch�nes, rue des
peupliers, avenue des
peupliers, chemin des
peupliers, rue des
pfadacher
pfadiheim r�tibuck
pfadiheimweg
pfaffenb�hlweg
pfaffensteig
pfaffenstudenstrasse
pfaffenwiesenstrasse
pfaffenwiesenweg
pfalzgasse
pfandernstrasse
pfarrgasse
pfarrhausstrasse
pfarrhausweg
pfarrhofgasse
pfarrweg
pfaueng�sslein
pfeffelstrasse
pfefferg�sslein
pfeffingerstrasse
pfingstweidstrasse
pfirsichstrasse
pfirsichweg
pfirtergasse
pfistergasse
pfisternweg
pfisterstrasse
pflanzschulstrasse
pflegeheim hirschpark
pflugg�sslein
pflugstrasse
pfrundhausgasse
pfrundweidweg
pf�ffikerstrasse
pharmacie
philosophenweg
philosophes, bvd des
philosophes, place des
photographes, rue des
physikstrasse
physique
ph�nixweg
piachaud, rue ren�-louis-
piaget, rue alexis-marie-
pian laghetto, via
pian lorenzo, via
pianos, rue des
pianostrasse
piazzetta, carrale
pic-pic, all�e
picassoplatz
piccardstrasse
pichard, rue
pictet, avenue ernest-
pictet-de-bock, rue
pictet-de-rochemont, av.
pidou, chemin auguste-
pierraz-portay, campagne
pierraz-portay, chemin de
pierre-grise, ch. de la
pierre-grise, chemin de
pierre-aux-sarrasins, ch.
pierre-de-plan, chemin
pierre-qui-roule, passage
pierre-�-bot, route de
pierre-�-mazel, rue de la
pierrefleur, chemin de
pierregrosse, chemin de
pierres-du-niton, rue des
pierreval, chemin de
pilate, rue du
pilatusblick
pilatusstrasse
pilgerstrasse
pilgerweg
pillonweg
pin, promenade du
pins, chemin des
pinsons, chemin des
pioda, via
pioda, via alfredo
piode, sentiero al
pionierstrasse
pitons, rue des
pittard, avenue eug�ne-
piumerino, via
pizza pola, sentiero
pizzo di claro, via
place-d'armes, rue de la
plage, chemin de la
plaines, chemin des
plaines-roches, route des
plaines-du-loup, route
plainpalais, pass. rd-pt
plainpalais, plaine de
plainpalais,rond-point de
plaisance, rue de
plaisante, chemin de la
plan, rue du
planche au comte, ch. de
planche aux oies, ch. de
planches, chemin des
plantamour, rue philippe-
plantaporr�ts, rue des
plasma
platane, chemin du
platanenweg
platanes, chemin des
plateires, chemin des
plattenhalde
plattenstrasse
plattenweg
platz
platzpromenade
plonjon, chemin de
plume, passage de la
pl�iades, chemin des
pl�nke, rue de la
pl�nkestrasse
point-du-jour, chemin du
point-du-jour, rue du
polyd�me, le
polygonstrasse
pometta, via
pommeraie, chemin de la
pommier, rue du
pont rouge, chemin du
pont, rue du
pont-d'arve, boulevard du
pontaise, rue de la
pontevecchio, vicolo
porchat, chemin
port, place du
port, quai du
port, route de
port, route du
port, rue du
port, ruelle du
port-franc, rue du
port-noir, chemin du
port-roulant, rue de
port-de serri�res
porta campagna, via
portaccia, via
portes-rouges, avenue des
porticaccio, vicolo del
portici, vicolo ai
portiora, via
portone, viale
portstrasse
possession, chemin de la
posta vecchia, vicolo
posta, via della
postautostation
poste, place de la
poste, quai de la
poste, rue de la
postgasse
postgasshalde
postg�ssli
posthof
postiers, chemin des
postpassage
poststrasse
postweg
poteaux, rue des
poterie, rue de la
poudri�res, rue des
pouillerel, chemin de
pourtal�s, rue j.-l.-
pradier, rue
prag-strasse
prairie, chemin de la
prairie, rue de la
prati sara, vicolo
prati, via ai
prato, via al
pratocarasso, via
prattelerstrasse
praz buchilly, chemin de
praz dom nicod, sentier
praz gilliard, route de
praz simon, chemin de
praz d'eau, chemin du
praz-berthoud, chemin de
praz-forney, chemin de
praz-s�chaud, chemin de
predella, via alla
predigergasse
predigerg�sslein
predigerhofstrasse
predigerplatz
premier-ao�t, rue du
premier-juin, rue du
premier-mars, avenue du
premier-mars, rue du
presbyt�re, chemin du
preyenstrasse
preyergasse
prieur�, avenue du
prieur�, place du
prieur�, rue du
prilly, route de
prime tower
primelstrasse
primelweg
primerose, chemin de
primev�res, chemin des
primev�res, rue des
prince, rue du
principale, rue
printani�re, rue de la
prises, chemin des
probsteistrasse
probusweg
progr�s, rue du
promenade, rue de la
promenade-noire, rue
promenadengasse
promenadenstieg
promenadenstrasse
propsteiweg
prouges, chemin des
provence, avenue de
pruntruterstrasse
pr�-cartelier, chemin du
pr�-fleuri
pr�-fleuri, chemin de
pr�-j�r�me, rue du
pr�-k�nzi
pr�-naville, rue du
pr�-aux-ours
pr�-de-l'ours, chemin du
pr�-de-la-bichette, rue
pr�-de-la-tour, chemin du
pr�-des-clos, chemin du
pr�-du-march�, rue
pr�au, chemin du
pr�barreau, rue de
pr�s, rue des
pr�s-verts, chemin des
pr�s-de-br�gg, les
pr�s-du-bois
pr�sident-wilson, rue du
pr�ville, chemin de
pr�vost, ch. dr.-jean
pr�vost-martin, rue
pr�voyance, rue de la
pr�v�t�, chemin de la
puiserande, rue de la
puits, rue du
puits-godet, rue du
puits-saint-pierre, rue
pulverweg
pureta, sentiero alla
purgatoire, rue du
pury, place
pury, rue
pyramides, chemin des
p�cheries, rue des
p�cheurs, chemin des
p�colat, rue
p�cos, passage du
p�dagogische hochschule
p�lisserie, rue de la
p�nates, rue des
p�ntenstrasse
p�ntenweg
p�ntstrasse
p�pinet, place
p�pinet, rue
p�pini�re, chemin de la
p�pini�re, rue de la
p�querette, rue de la
p�querettes, chemin des
p�quis, chemin des
p�quis, rue des
p�reuses, chemin des
p�turage, rue du
quai du bas
quai du haut
quaistrasse
quartier sorge 12
quartier unil-mouline
quartier de l'innovation
quartier-neuf, rue du
quartiergasse
quartierhof
quartierweg
quartz, all�e du
quarzstrasse
quatre-ministraux, ch. de
quellenstrasse
quellgasse
querstrasse
querweg
quimbystrasse
quittenweg
rivaz, rue alice-
roch, chemin maurice-
rabbentalstrasse
rabbentaltreppe
rabenstrasse
rabissale, via
racine, rue edouard
radarstrasse
radgasse
radio, passage de la
radius, chemin
radiusweg
raffinerie, rue de la
raggi, via antonio
raiffeisenplatz
railcity
raineggweg
rainfussweg
rainmattstrasse
rainstrasse
raintobelweg
ralligweg
rambert, avenue eug�ne-
ramiers, chemin des
rammersb�hlstrasse
ramogna, via alla
ramone, via al
rampenstrasse
ramsenstrasse
ramsteinerstrasse
ramuz, avenue c.-f.-
ramuzstrasse
randb�hlstrasse
randenblick
randenstrasse
randweg
rank
rankhofstrasse
rankstrasse
rapille, avenue de la
rappardplatz
rappenholzstrasse
rappensteinstrasse
rappensteinweg
rapperswilerstrasse
rappoltshof
rappstrasse
rastatterstrasse
rasude, avenue de la
ratavolar, chemin de la
rathaus
rathaus unterf�hrung
rathausbogen
rathausbr�cke
rathausgasse
rathausg�ssli
rathausplatz
rathausquai
rautihalde
rautistrasse
ravecchia, via
ravin, chemin du
ravin, rue du
ravi�res, chemin des
realpstrasse
rebackerweg
rebbergsteig
rebbergstrasse
rebenstrasse
rebenweg
rebgasse
rebg�ssli
rebhalde
rebhaldenstrasse
rebhaldenweg
rebhangstrasse
rebh�gelstrasse
rebh�sliweg
rebleutgang
rebstock / wartenfluh
rebstockhalde
rebstockrain
rebstockweg
rebweg
rebwiesenstrasse
rechberger, rue bendicht-
rechenstrasse
rechenwaldstrasse
recinto, via del
reckenb�hlstrasse
reckenholzstrasse
recorbe, chemin de la
recordon, avenue
recorne, la
recr�tes, rue des
rectorat
reculet, place du
redern, chemin
redernweg
redingstrasse
regensbergstrasse
regensdorferstrasse
regierungsgeb�ude
regina-k�gi-hof
regina-k�gi-strasse
reginastrasse
regionales pflegezentrum
regionalgef�ngnis
regionalspital
regulastrasse
rehalpstrasse
rehburgstrasse
reherstrasse
rehetobelstrasse
rehfous, rue john-
rehg�tlistieg
rehg�tliweg
rehhagstrasse
rehhalde
rehweg
rehweidstrasse
reiatstrasse
reichenbachstrasse
reichensteinerstrasse
reimann, rue gottfried-
reinacherstrasse
reine-berthe, ch. de la
reinhardstrasse
reinhold-frei-strasse
reishauerstrasse
reism�hlestrasse
reism�hleweg
reitergasse
reiterstrasse
reithallenweg
reitplatzstrasse
reitschulstrasse
reitsteinstrasse
reitweg
rellstabstrasse
remisenstrasse
remishuebstrasse
renens, chemin de
renens, route de
renfer, rue johann-
renfer-park
renggerstrasse
renggstrasse
rennier, chemin de
rennweg
renou, chemin
repfergasse
repos, ruelle du
reposoir, chemin du
reprises, les
resedastrasse
resedaweg
reservoirstrasse
residence
residenz sonnmatt
residenza governativa
respini, via
respini, via gioacchino
restaurant
restaurant bahnhof
restaurant baldegg
restaurant gasshof
restaurant hammer
restaurant matt
restaurant michaelshof
restaurant ochsen
restaurant schmiedstube
restaurant thorenberg
restelbergstrasse
retica, via
retraite, ruelle de la
retraites, chemin des
rettenbachweg
reuchenette, route de
reuchenettestrasse
reuse, rue de la
reussinsel
reussmatt
reussport
reussportweg
reusssteg
reussstrasse
reusszopfweg
reutgasse
reutlingerstrasse
reutlingerweg
reverdin, place
reverenzg�sslein
reymond, le
reymondin, avenue samson-
reynier, rue edmond-de-
rheinb�hlstrasse
rheinfelderstrasse
rheingasse
rheingoldstrasse
rheinhaldenstrasse
rheinhardstrasse
rheinhof
rheinl�nderstrasse
rheinquai
rheinschanze
rheinsprung
rheinstrasse
rheinuferstrasse
rheinweg
rheinweilerweg
rhodanie, avenue de
rhynauerstrasse
rh�ne, place du
rh�ne, quai du
rh�ne, rue du
riant-mont, avenue de
riant-parc, avenue de
riant-pr�, chemin
riant-val, chemin
ribaudes, chemin des
riburgstrasse
richard, rue albert-
richard-kissling-weg
richard-la nicca-weg
richard-wagner-strasse
richard-wagner-weg
richemont, rue de
richesson, chemin de
rickenstrasse
rickenweg
ricketwilerstrasse
ried, chemin du
riedackerstrasse
riedbachstrasse
riedbergstrasse
riedeggweg
riedenhaldensteig
riedenhaldenstrasse
riedenhaldenstrasse 112 a
riedenholzstrasse
riedernrain
riedernstrasse
riedgrabenweg
riedhoferrain
riedhofstrasse
riedhofweg
riedli
riedmattstrasse
riedstrasse
riedtlistrasse
riedweg
riegelh�sli
riehenring
riehenstrasse
riehenteichstrasse
riehentorstrasse
riesbachstrasse
rieterplatz
rieterstrasse
riethaldenstieg
riethaldenweg
rieth�slistrasse
rietmattstrasse
rietstrasse
rieu, chemin
riformati, piazza
righetti, via riale
rigiplatz
rigistrasse
rigot, chemin eug�ne-
rilkestrasse
rindermarkt
ring
ringelbergstrasse
ringelbergweg
ringg�sslein
ringkeng�sschen
ringoltingenstrasse
ringstrasse
ringwilerstrasse
riolet, chemin du
ripa canova, via
ripari tondi, via
riponne, place de la
rislingstrasse
risoux, chemin du
rispenweg
risweg
ritter, chemin
ritter, rue guillaume-
ritter-weg
rittergasse
rittergutstrasse
ritterstrasse
rittmeyerstrasse
rivapiana, via
rive, rond-point de
rive, carrefour de
rive, cours de
rive, rue de
rixheimerstrasse
robert, avenue l�opold-
robert, chemin paul-
robert, esplanade l.-
robert, passage l�opold-
robert, quai l�opold-
robert, rue abraham-
robert-maillart-strasse
robert-seidel-hof
robert-walser-platz
robert-z�nd-strasse
robinsonweg
roc, rue du
rocailles, chemin des
rocca, via alla
roccolo, sentiero
rochelle, avenue de la
rocher, chemin du
rocher, rue du
roches, chemin de
roches, chemin des
rochettaz, avenue de
rochette
rochette, chemin de la
rochettes, rue des
rod, avenue edouard-
rod, rue edouard-
rodari, via tommaso
rodersdorferstrasse
rodo, rue
rodrisstrasse
rodteggstrasse
rodtmattstrasse
roggenburgstrasse
roggenstrasse
roggenweg
roggia dei mulini, via
rogorogno, sentiero
rohrweg
rois, rue des
rolandstrasse
rolf-balsiger-strasse
rollengasse
romains, ruelle des
romanel, route de
romerio, via pietro
rompeda, via
roncaccio, sentiero
ronchetto, via
ronchi, via ai
rond-point, avenue du
ronde, rue de la
rorschacher strasse
roschistrasse
roseaux, chemin des
rosemont, avenue
rosemont, avenue de
rosenaustrasse
rosenberghalde
rosenbergh�he
rosenbergstrasse
rosenbergweg
rosenboden
rosenb�chelstrasse
rosenb�chelweg
rosenb�hlstrasse
roseneck, chemin de
roseneggweg
rosenfeldstrasse
rosenfeldweg
rosengartenhalde
rosengartenstrasse
rosengartenweg
rosengasse
roseng�sschen
roseng�ssli
rosenhalde
rosenheimstrasse
rosenheimweg
rosenrain
rosenstrasse
rosentalg�sschen
rosentalstrasse
rosenweg
roseraie, avenue de la
roseraie, chemin de la
roseraie, sentier de la
roses, avenue des
roses, chemin des
roset, rue michel-
rosiaz, avenue de la
rosiers, chemin des
rosiers, rue des
rosinlistrasse
rosinliweg
rosius, rue jakob-
rosi�re, chemin de la
rosi�re, rue de la
rosmarinweg
rossackerstrasse
rossbergstrasse
rossel, avenue virgile-
rosselet, rue charles-
rossfeldstrasse
rosshalde
rosshofgasse
rossh�usernstrasse
rossi, rue pellegrino-
rossweid
rossweidstrasse
roswiesenstrasse
rotachstrasse
rotbergerstrasse
rotbuchstrasse
rotenbrunnenstrasse
rothenbad
rothenbadstrasse
rothenhalde
rothenhof
rothenpark
rothenring
rothenstrasse
rothenweg
rothornweg
rothschild, rue
rothstrasse
roth�sliweg
rotseeh�he
rotseestrasse
rotterdam-strasse
rotwandstrasse
rougemont, rue denis-de-
rougemontweg
rouill�res, chemin des
rousseau, ile
rousseau, avenue j.-j.-
rousseau, rue
rousseaustrasse
roux, rue dr c�sar-
rovedo, via
rov�r�az, chemin de
royaume, rue
ruchackerstrasse
ruchackerweg
ruche, rue de la
ruchon, rue fran�ois-
ruchonnet, avenue louis-
ruchwiesenstrasse
ruckhaldenweg
rudenzweg
rudolf-diesel-strasse
rudolf-h�gi-strasse
rudolfstrasse
rue du parc 9bis
ruedi-walter-strasse
ruediweg
ruelle du flon
rueyre, chemin de la
rufacherstrasse
ruffy, avenue victor-
ruflisbergstrasse
ruhbergstrasse
ruhestrasse
ruhfelsweg
ruhsitzstrasse
ruhsitzweg
ruhtalstrasse
ruines-romaines, ch. des
ruisselet, chemin du
rumine, avenue de
rumpumpsteig
rumstalstrasse
rundstrasse
ruopige-m�rt
ruopigenh�he
ruopigenmoos
ruopigenplatz
ruopigenring
ruopigenstrasse
ruopigenzentrum
rusca, via bartolomeo
rusca, via franchino
rusconi, via zanolo
russenstrasse
russenweg
rychenbergstrasse
ryfflig�sschen
ryffstrasse
r�benweg
r�bmatt
r�choz, chemin de
r�ckgasse
r�dengasse
r�denplatz
r�digerstrasse
r�dlen
r�ffelstrasse
r�formation, rue de la
r�gional, rue du
r�gionaux, rue des
r�hrbergerstrasse
r�melinbachweg
r�melinsplatz
r�melstrasse
r�merfeldstrasse
r�mergasse
r�merg�ssli
r�merhofplatz
r�merstieg
r�merstrasse
r�mertorstrasse
r�merweg
r�mikerstrasse
r�mistrasse
r�mlangstrasse
r�mmingerstrasse
r�nnemoosrain
r�ntgenplatz
r�ntgenstrasse
r�publique, rue de la
r�schenzerstrasse
r�schibachsteig
r�schibachstrasse
r�schibachweg
r�schli, rue du
r�schlistrasse
r�schstrasse
r�servoir, chemin du
r�sidence, chemin de la
r�slibrunnenweg
r�slistrasse
r�sliweg
r�sslerweg
r�ssligasse
r�sslimatt
r�sslimatte
r�sslimattstrasse
r�sslimattweg
r�teau, rue du
r�teli
r�telistrasse
r�telsteig
r�telstrasse
r�tenenweg
r�thelbach
r�thlerholzstrasse
r�thlisberger, rue w.
r�ti
r�tihof
r�tihofstrasse
r�tillon, rue du
r�timeyerplatz
r�timeyerstrasse
r�tisserie, rue de la
r�tistrasse
r�tiweg
r�tiwiesweg
r�tligasse
r�tlistrasse
r�tschistrasse
r�ttelerstrasse
r�ttiweg
sbb depot neustadt
saars, rue des
saatlenfussweg
saatlenstrasse
saatlenzelg
sablons, chemin des
sablons, rue des
sackzelg
safnern, chemin de
safnernweg
safrangasse
sagenmattrain
sagenmattstrasse
sagerstrasse
sagnes, rue des
sahlistrasse
saint-antoine, prom. de
saint-etienne, rue
saint-fran�ois, galerie
saint-fran�ois, passage
saint-fran�ois, place
saint-fran�ois, place de
saint-fran�ois, rue
saint-fran�ois, tunnel e
saint-fran�ois, tunnel o
saint-georges, bvd de
saint-germain, rue de
saint-gervais, place de
saint-gothard, rue du
saint-honor�, rue
saint-h�lier, rue monique
saint-jean, passage
saint-jean, rue de
saint-laurent, rue
saint-louis-strasse
saint-l�ger, rue
saint-martin, rue
saint-maurice, rue
saint-nicolas, rue de
saint-ours, rue
saint-paul, avenue
saint-paul, chemin
saint-pierre, cour de
saint-pierre, rue
saint-roch, rue
saint-victor, rue de
saint-victor, terrasse de
sainte-beuve, rue
sainte-clotilde, av. de
sainte-h�l�ne, rue de
sainte-luce, avenue
saleggi, via
saleggi, via ai
salerstrasse
salina, via della
salinenstrasse
salisstrasse
sallaz, avenue de la
sallenbachstrasse
salmenweg
salomegasse
salomon hirzel-strasse
salomon-bleuler-weg
salomon-v�gelin-strasse
salom�, rue
salstrasse
salvatorstrasse
salvioni, via carlo
salvisbergstrasse
salzfass-treppe
salzfassh�he
salzfassrain
salzfassstrasse
salzhausstrasse
salzweg
sal�ve, chemin du
samariterstrasse
sandacker
sandackerstrasse
sandb�hlstrasse
sandeggstrasse
sandgrubenstrasse
sandl�chlistrasse
sandoz, chemin edouard-
sandoz, chemin lore-
sandrainstrasse
sandstrasse
sandweg
sapins, chemin des
sarnerstrasse
sasso corbaro, via
sasso, via al
sasso, vicolo al
sattelgasse
sauges, chemin des
saugettes, passage des
saules, chemin des
saules, sentier des
saumackerstrasse
saumstrasse
sautter, rue
sauvabelin, place de
savoie, all�e de
savoie, avenue de
savoie, rue de
savoises, rue des
scalascia, via
scalinata, sentiero alla
scazziga, via
schachenb�elweg
schachenhof
schachenstrasse
schachenweg
schadaustrasse
schaffhauserplatz
schaffhauserrheinweg
schaffhauserstrasse
schafg�sslein
schafmattstrasse
schalerstrasse
schalterweg
schanzackerstrasse
schanzeneckstrasse
schanzeneggstrasse
schanzengasse
schanzenpost
schanzenstrasse
scharnachtalstrasse
schartenfelsstrasse
schartenrainstrasse
schartenstrasse
schartentrottenstrasse
schaub, rue
schaubergasse
schauenbergstrasse
schauenburgerstrasse
schaufelbergerstrasse
schauplatzgasse
scheffelstrasse
scheffelweg
scheibenackerstrasse
scheibenrain
scheibenstrasse
scheibenweg
scheideggstrasse
scheidwegstrasse
scheitergasse
scheitlinsb�chelweg
scheitlinstrasse
schellenackerstrasse
schellerstrasse
scheltenstrasse
schenkstrasse
scherkesselweg
schermenweg
scherrerstrasse
scherrstrasse
schertlingasse
scherzligweg
scheuchzerstrasse
scheuermattweg
scheuerrain
scheuren, chemin de
scheurenweg
scheurerstrasse
schibistrasse
schibiweg
schickstrasse
schienengasse
schienhutgasse
schiferliweg
schiffbauplatz
schiffbaustrasse
schifflaube
schiffl�nde
schiibe
schildgutstrasse
schildknechtstrasse
schildstrasse
schilfweg
schillerstrasse
schillingstrasse
schiltwiesenweg
schimmelstrasse
schindlersteig
schindlerstrasse
schipfe
schirmerstrasse
schirmertorweg
schlachthofstrasse
schlagbaumstrasse
schlatterstrasse
schlatterweg
schlehdornweg
schleifenbergstrasse
schleifergasse
schlempengarten
schlettstadterstrasse
schleudergasse
schleusenweg
schliengerweg
schlierenberg
schlierenstrasse
schloss herblingen
schlossackerstrasse
schlossbachstrasse
schlossberg
schlossbergplatz
schlossbergstrasse
schlossbergweg
schlossergasse
schlosserg�ssli
schlosserstrasse
schlossgasse
schlosshofstrasse
schlossmattstrasse
schlossm�hlestrasse
schlosssch�rstrasse
schlossstrasse
schlosstalstrasse
schlossweg
schl�flirain
schl�flistrasse
schl�sselberg
schl�sselgasse
schl�ssli sch�negg
schl�sslifeld
schl�sslihalde
schl�sslirain
schl�sslistieg
schl�sslistrasse
schl�ssliweg
schmelzbergstrasse
schmidgasse
schmidlinweg
schmidweidliweg
schmiedengasse
schmiedenplatz
schmiedeplatz
schmiedestrasse
schmiedgasse
schmiedweg
schnabelgasse
schneckenackerstrasse
schneckenmannstrasse
schneeballweg
schneebelistrasse
schneebergstrasse
schneegl�ggliweg
schneggengasse
schneggenstrasse
schneidergang
schneidergasse
schneiderg�ssli
schnetzler, avenue andr�-
schnitterweg
schnoz, via dei
schnyderweg
schochengasse
schoeckstrasse
schoffelgasse
schokoladenweg
scholl, rue
scholl-strasse
schoorenstrasse
schopfheimerstrasse
schorenstrasse
schorenweg
schoretshuebstrasse
schoretshuebweg
schorn�glenstrasse
schosshaldenstrasse
schreberweg
schreinerstrasse
schreinerweg
schrennengasse
schrotm�ttli
schubertstrasse
schubertweg
schulergasse
schulerweg
schulgasse
schulhaus berg
schulhaus b�rgli
schulhaus dorf
schulhaus fluhm�hle
schulhaus grossacker
schulhaus kappelerhof
schulhaus matt
schulhaus meierhof
schulhaus pfaffechappe
schulhaus rieth�sli
schulhaus rotmonten
schulhaus ruopigen
schulhaus r�nnemoos
schulhaus staffeln
schulhaus tannegg
schulhaus tschudiwies
schulhausstrasse
schulhausweg
schulstrasse
schulweg
schumacherweg
schuppisstrasse
schwabstrasse
schwadernau, chemin de
schwadernauweg
schwalbenstrasse
schwalbenweg
schwalmenackerstrasse
schwalmernstrasse
schwamendingenstrasse
schwamendingerplatz
schwandenacker
schwandenholzstrasse
schwandenwiesen
schwanengasse
schwanenplatz
schwanenstrasse
schwanenweg
schwarzadlerstrasse
schwarzb�chlistrasse
schwarzenbachweg
schwarzenburgstrasse
schwarztorstrasse
schwarzwaldallee
schwarzwaldstrasse
schweighofstrasse
schweigmatt
schweikhofweg
schweizergasse
schweizerhausstrasse
schweizerhof-passage
schweizerhofgasse
schweizerhofquai
schweizersbildstrasse
schweizersboden, ch. du
schweizersbodenweg
schweizerweg
schwellenmattstrasse
schwellistrasse
schwendenweg
schwertgasse
schwertstrasse
schwerzenbachstrasse
schwesterngasse
schwimmbadstrasse
schwimmbadweg
schwingerstrasse
schwyzerst�rnweg
schw�bisgasse
schw�ndistrasse
schw�rstadterstrasse
sch�chenstrasse
sch�dr�tihalde
sch�dr�tirain
sch�dr�tistrasse
sch�ferweg
sch�flerstrasse
sch�flisbergstrasse
sch�ler, rue ernst-
sch�llenenstrasse
sch�nauring
sch�naustrasse
sch�nauweg
sch�nbeinstrasse
sch�nberggasse
sch�nbergrain
sch�nbergweg
sch�nbrunnstrasse
sch�nburgstrasse
sch�nb�elpark
sch�nb�hl
sch�nb�hlring
sch�nb�hlstrand
sch�nb�hlstrasse
sch�negg
sch�negg, rue
sch�neggplatz
sch�neggstrasse
sch�neggweg
sch�neichstrasse
sch�neichstrasse 8
sch�nenbergerweg
sch�nenbergstrasse
sch�nenbuchstrasse
sch�nenwerdstrasse
sch�nholzweg
sch�ni, rue alexander-
sch�nleinstrasse
sch�nmaieng�sschen
sch�nmattstrasse
sch�nmattweg
sch�ntalstrasse
sch�nzlihalde
sch�nzlistrasse
sch�ppistrasse
sch�ppiweg
sch�racher
sch�rbungert
sch�renfeld
sch�renmoosstrasse
sch�rerstrasse
sch�rgistrasse
sch�rlistrasse
sch�rliweg
sch�rrergasse
sch�rwies
sch�sspromenade
sch�tzengartenweg
sch�tzengasse
sch�tzengraben
sch�tzeng�sschen
sch�tzenmatt
sch�tzenmattstrasse
sch�tzenrain
sch�tzenr�tistrasse
sch�tzenstrasse
sch�tzenweg
sch�tzenwiesenweg
sch�ublinstrasse
sciaroni, via antonio
scie, rue de la
sciences physiques
scierie, chemin de la
scuola, via alla
scuole, via delle
sechsel�uten-platz
sechsel�uten-wiese
secr�tan, avenue charles-
sedelstrasse
seebacherstrasse
seebad nationalquai
seebahnstrasse
seeblickstrasse
seeblickweg
seeburgstrasse
seefeldquai
seefeldrain
seefeldstrasse
seefels, chemin du
seefelsweg
seegartenstrasse
seegr�bnerstrasse
seehofstrasse
seehofweg
seeh�sliweg
seeland, chemin du
seelandweg
seenerstrasse
seerosenstrasse
seestrasse
seevorstadt
seewadelstrasse
seftigenstrasse
segantinisteig
segantinistrasse
segelhalde
segelhofstrasse
segetenweg
segnesstrasse
seidengasse
seidenhofstrasse
seidenstrasse
seidenweg
seilergraben
seilerstrasse
seilerweg
seitzstrasse
seldwyla, chemin de
seldwylaweg
selib�hlweg
selnaustrasse
seltisbergerstrasse
selunweg
selva, via in
seminarstrasse
semine, via alle
sempach, rue de
sempacherstrasse
sempacherweg
sempachstrasse
sempione, via
senal�che, avenue de
sennenwieshalde
sennereistieg
sennereistrasse
sennhauserweg
sennheimerstrasse
sennhofweg
sennh�slen
sennweg
sentimatt
sentimattstrasse
septembre, place du douze
septerstrasse
serodine, via giovanni
serre, rue de la
serroue, chemin de
serruriers, ruelle des
servan, avenue du
servet, rue michel-
servette, rue de la
service informatique
service des sports de uni
sessler, rue jean-
seujet, quai du
seuzacherstrasse
sevogelplatz
sevogelstrasse
seyon, rue du
shopping arena
shopping center arena
shopville
sickingerstrasse
sidlern
sidlerstrasse
sieberstrasse
siedlungsstrasse
siedlungsweg
siegfriedstrasse
sierenzerstrasse
siewerdtstrasse
signal, route du
signal, rue du
signalstrasse
signaustrasse
sihlamtsstrasse
sihlberg
sihlfeldstrasse
sihlhallenstrasse
sihlh�lzlistrasse
sihlporte
sihlquai
sihlrainstrasse
sihlstrasse
sihlweidstrasse
silbergasse
silberhornstrasse
sillem, rue
sillerwies
silvrettaweg
simen, piazza rinaldo
simen, via rinaldo
simmlersteig
simon, rue michel-
simone da locarno, via
simonstrasse
simplemont, chemin
simplon, rue du
simplonweg
singenbergstrasse
singerstrasse
singlistrasse
sinnerstrasse
sion, chemin de
siriusstrasse
sismondi, rue
sissacherstrasse
sittertalstrasse
six-pompes, promenade des
sociale, via
socinstrasse
soci�t�, chemin de la
sodweg
solange, avenue de
soldanellastrasse
solduno, piazza
sole, piazza del
sole, via del
soleggio, carrale
soleil, chemin du
soleil, escalier du
soleil, rue du
soleil-levant, rue du
solenbergstrasse
soleure, route de
soleure, rue de
solinaweg
solit�denstrasse
solit�denweg
solmont, chemin de
solothurnerstrasse
solothurnstrasse
somais, chemin de
somazzistrasse
sombaille, la
sommerau
sommerauweg
sommergasse
sommerhalde
sommerhaldenstrasse
sommerwiesstrasse
sonderstrasse
sonderweg
sonnb�hlstrasse
sonneckweg
sonneggring
sonneggsteig
sonneggstrasse
sonneggweg
sonnenberg
sonnenbergrain
sonnenbergstrasse
sonnenblickstrasse
sonnenburggutstrasse
sonnenb�hlstrasse
sonnenfeld
sonnenfeldstrasse
sonnengartenstrasse
sonnenhaldenstrasse
sonnenhof
sonnenhof-klinik
sonnenhof-klinik engeried
sonnenhofweg
sonnenh�gelstrasse
sonnenrain
sonnenstrasse
sonnenweg
sonnhalde
sonnhaldenstrasse
sonnhaldenweg
sonnigwinkel
sonnmattstrasse
sonnmattweg
sonnrainweg
sonntagsteig
soodstrasse
sophie-taeuber-strasse
sophienstrasse
sorbiers, chemin des
sorbiers, rue des
sorci�re, chemin de la
sordet, chemin du
soret, avenue
sorgenti, via alle
sottocorte, vicolo
soubeyran, rue
soullier, rue benjamin-
source, chemin de la
source, rue de la
sources, rue des
sous-bois, chemin de
sous-mont, chemin de
sous-terre, rue de
sozialamt
spahau
spahaurain
spalenberg
spalengraben
spalenring
spalentorweg
spalenvorstadt
spannortstrasse
spanweidstrasse
spatenstrasse
spechtweg
speditionsweg
speerstrasse
speerweg
speichergasse
speicherstrasse
speiserstrasse
spelterinistrasse
spelteriniweg
spendtrottengut
spenglerweg
sperletweg
sperrstrasse
spiegelbergstrasse
spiegelgasse
spiegelguthalde
spiegelgutstrasse
spiegelhofstrasse
spiegelweg
spielweg
spielwiesenstrasse
spiess, rue henri-
spilstrasse
spiltr�cklistrasse
spindelstrasse
spinnereistrasse
spinnereiweg
spirackerstrasse
spirgartenstrasse
spisergasse
spiserstrasse
spitalackerstrasse
spitalgass-passage
spitalgasse
spitalstrasse
spitalweg
spittelerstrasse
spittelweg
spitzackerstrasse
spitzfluh
spitzfluhhof
spitzhof
spitzmatt
spitznussstrasse
spitzweg
spitzwiesenweg
spl�genstrasse
sporrengasse
sporrwegglistrasse
sportanlagen bruch
sporthalle aue
sporthalle sandgruben
sports, chemin des
sportweg
sprecherstrasse
sprensenb�hlstrasse
spr�nglistrasse
spycherhalde
spyristeig
spyristrasse
spyriweg
sp�ndlistrasse
st. -georgen-platz
st. -georgen-strasse
st. alban-anlage
st. alban-berg
st. alban-graben
st. alban-kirchrain
st. alban-rheinweg
st. alban-ring
st. alban-tal
st. alban-talstrasse
st. alban-vorstadt
st. annagasse
st. annaweg
st. christophstrasse
st. galler-ring
st. galler-strasse
st. gallerstrasse
st. georgen-strasse
st. georgstrasse
st. jakob park
st. jakob-strasse
st. jakobs-strasse
st. jakobstrasse
st. johanns-bahnhof
st. johanns-park
st. johanns-parkweg
st. johanns-platz
st. johanns-rheinweg
st. johanns-ring
st. johanns-vorstadt
st. josefen-strasse
st. leonhard-strasse
st. moritzstrasse
st. niklausenstrasse
st. niklausstiege
st. peterhofstatt
st. peterstrasse
st. urbangasse
st. ursusstrasse
st. verenastrasse
st.-anna-strasse
st.-karli-quai
st.-karli-strasse
st.-leodegar-strasse
stachelrain
stade, chemin du
stadelhoferpassage
stadelhoferstrasse
stadio, piazzale
stadlerstrasse
stadtbachstrasse
stadtfallenweg
stadthaus
stadthausgasse
stadthausquai
stadthausstrasse
stadthofstrasse
stadttor
stadtturmstrasse
stadtverwaltung
staffelhof
staffelnhofstrasse
staffelnrain
staffelnweg
staffelstrasse
stahlstrasse
stahlwerkstrasse
staldenhof
staldenhof alt
staldenhof neu
staldenh�he
staldenring
stampfenbachplatz
stampfenbachstrasse
stampfenbrunnenstrasse
stand, chemin du
stand, rue du
standstrasse
stapfelberg
stapfenackerstrasse
stapfenstrasse
stapferstrasse
starengasse
starenstrasse
starenweg
station
station sbb
stationsstrasse
stationsweg
statthalterstrasse
staubhusen
staubstrasse
staudenb�hlstrasse
stauffacherquai
stauffacherstrasse
stauffacherweg
stauffer, rue karl-
staufferstrasse
stauwehrrain
stavay-mollondin, rue
stazione, piazza
stazione, via della
stazione, viale
steckweg
stefano, via santo
steffenstrasse
steffisburgstrasse
stegackerstrasse
stegengasse
stegenstrasse
stegenweg
steghausweg
steghofweg
steigerhubelstrasse
steigerstrasse
steigerweg
steiggasse
steighalde
steigstrasse
steinachstrasse
steinackerweg
steinauweg
steinberggasse
steinbockgasse
steinbockstrasse
steinbruchg�sschen
steinbruchweg
steinbr�chelstrasse
steinb�hlallee
steinb�hlplatz
steinenbachg�sslein
steinenberg
steinengraben
steinenring
steinenschanze
steinenstrasse
steinentischstrasse
steinentorberg
steinentorstrasse
steinenvorstadt
steinerstrasse
steingr�eblistrasse
steinguthalde
steingutstrasse
steinhaldenstrasse
steinhausweg
steinhofhalde
steinhofrain
steinhofstrasse
steinhofweg
steinh�lzliweg
steinkluppenweg
steinlen, chemin aim�-
steinm�hlegasse
steinm�hleplatz
steinstrasse
steinwiesstrasse
stephanshornstrasse
sternackerstrasse
sternau
sternegg
sternenbergerstrasse
sternengasse
sterneng�sschen
sternenplatz
sternenstrasse
sternhalde
sternmattstrasse
sternwartstrasse
stettbacherrain
stettbachstrasse
stettbachweg
stettemerstrasse
stettlerstrasse
stierliweg
stiftsgasse
stiftstrasse
stiglenstrasse
stimmerstrasse
stockbergstrasse
stockemerbergstrasse
stockenerstrasse
stockerenweg
stockerstrasse
stockhornstrasse
stockmattstrasse
stodolastrasse
stoffelstrasse
stofflerenweg
stokarbergstrasse
stokarweg
stollberghalde
stollbergrain
stollbergstrasse
stollenweg
stolzestrasse
stoossstrasse
storchengasse
storcheng�sschen
storchenstrasse
storno, vicolo
stotzstrasse
stotzweg
strahleggstrasse
strahleggweg
strandbad lido
strandbad tribschen
strandbadstrasse
strandbadweg
strandweg
strasbourg, rue de
strassburgerallee
strassburgstrasse
straubenzellstrasse
strebelstrasse
streccione, via
strehlgasse
streitgasse
streitholzstrasse
streulistrasse
strickerstrasse
strickhofstrasse
strittackerstrasse
str�ulistrasse
stuckeng�sschen
studackerstrasse
studerstrasse
studhaldenh�he
studhaldenstrasse
stueleggweg
sturm, rue charles-
sturzeneggstrasse
stuttgart-strasse
stutzh�he
stutzrain
stutzring
stutzstrasse
st�berstrasse
st�blistrasse
st�ckackerstrasse
st�ckelbergstrasse
st�ckenackerstrasse
st�ckengasse
st�cklir�tistrasse
st�ckliweg
st�dliackerstrasse
st�dliweg
st�ffelistrasse
st�mpfli, rue jakob-
st�mpflistrasse
st�nzlergasse
st�rlerstrasse
st�ssihofstatt
st�ssistrasse
succ�s, rue du
suchard, quai philippe-
suchet, chemin du
suchiez, escalier du
suchiez, rue du
suettaz, chemin de la
suleggstrasse
sulgenauweg
sulgenbachstrasse
sulgeneckstrasse
sulgenheimweg
sulgenrain
sulzbergstrasse
sulzer-hirzel-strasse
sulzerallee
sulzerstrasse
sumatrastrasse
summerauweg
sundgauerstrasse
sunnebogegarte
sunnehaldeweg
sunnige hof
sunnigwinkel
surbeckstieg
surbekstrasse
surinam, chemin
susenbergstrasse
sustenstrasse
sustenweg
suze, promenade de la
swisscom ag
sydebusweg
synagogue, place de la
synagogue, rue de la
s�beillon, rue de
s�cheron, avenue de
s�ckingerstrasse
s�dbahnhofstrasse
s�dlenweg
s�dquaistrasse
s�dstrasse
s�esswinkel
s�gefeldweg
s�geg�sslein
s�gehofweg
s�gerg�sslein
s�geweg
s�lihalde
s�lih�gel
s�listrasse
s�mmerlistrasse
s�mmerliwaldstrasse
s�nebier, rue jean-
s�ngergasse
s�ntihof
s�ntisstrasse
s�senbergstrasse
s�sslerenstrasse
s�sslerenweg
s�velin, avenue de
s�very, avenue de
tcv
tabazan, rue
tabi�, via
tablatstrasse
tachlisbrunnenstrasse
taconnerie, place de la
taeuberweg
taggenbergstrasse
taglio, vicolo m.
tailleurs, ruelle des
talacker
talackerstrasse
talb�chliweg
talchernsteig
talchernstrasse
talgutstrasse
talhofstrasse
talhofweg
talstrasse
talweg
talwiesenstrasse
tamaro, via
tambourenstrasse
tampor�, via
tanne
tannegg
tanneggweg
tanneichenstrasse
tanneichenweg
tannenfluhweg
tannenhofstrasse
tannenrainstrasse
tannenrauchstrasse
tannenstrasse
tannenweg
tannerberg
tanneurs, rue des
tanzg�sslein
tanzmatten
tatti, via pierino
taubenhausstrasse
taubenstrasse
taulard, chemin du
tavan, chemin edouard-
tavelweg
taverne zum reitplatz
tazzino, sentiero del
tazzino, via al
teatro, via
technikumstrasse
technologiestrasse
technoparkstrasse
technoramastrasse
tegerlooweg
teichg�sslein
teichmattstrasse
tell, rue guillaume-
tellplatz
tellstrasse
tempelackerstrasse
tempelstrasse
temple, avenue du
temple, pass. du
temple, quartier du
temple, rue du
temple-allemand, rue du
temple-neuf, rue du
templiers, ruelle des
tennisclub belved�re
tennisclub lido
tennisclub seeblick
tennisweg
tennmoosstrasse
tennried
terraillet, passage du
terrassenweg
terrassi�re, rue de la
terreau, chemin du
terreaux, rue des
terreaux-du-temple, rue
tertasse, rue de la
tertre, rue du
teslastrasse
tessenbergstrasse
tessinerplatz
tessinstrasse
tetti, via tre
teufener strasse
thalberg, rue sigismond-
thannerstrasse
thayngerstrasse
theaterg�sslein
theaterpassage
theaterplatz
theaterstrasse
theilinggasse
thellung, rue
thellung-strasse
theodor herzl-strasse
theodor-kirchner-strasse
theodor-kocher-strasse
theodor-reuter-weg
theodorsgraben
theodorskirchplatz
therese-giehse-strasse
therwilerstrasse
thielle, rue de la
thierachernweg
thiersteinerallee
thiersteinerrain
thomas, chemin frank-
thomas-wyttenbach-strasse
thomasweg
thorenbergbr�cke
thorenbergmatte
thorenbergstrasse
thormannm�tteliweg
thormannstrasse
thujastrasse
thumringerstrasse
thunplatz
thunstrasse
thurgauerstrasse
thurwiesenstrasse
thury, chemin
th�ringstrasse
th��tre, avenue du
th��tre, boulevard du
tichelr�tistrasse
tichelr�tiweg
ticino, via
tiefenauspital
tiefenaustrasse
tiefenh�fe
tiefenmatt, chemin
tiefenmattweg
tiefgraben
tiergartenrain
tierheimstrasse
tierparkweg
tigerbergstrasse
tiglio, via del
tilleul, chemin du
tilleuls, avenue des
tilleuls, chemin des
tilleuls, rue des
tillierstrasse
tir, rue du
tirage, avenue du
tischlerweg
tissot, avenue
titlisstrasse
tivoli, avenue de
tivoli, rue de
tivolistrasse
tivoliweg
ti�chestrasse
tobelackerstrasse
tobeleggstrasse
tobeleggweg
tobelhofstrasse
tobelsteig
tobelstrasse
tobelweg
toblerplatz
toblerstrasse
toepffer, rue rodolphe-
toises, avenue des
tolsto�, rue
tonnelles, chemin des
torgasse
torre, via
torre, vicolo alla
torretta, via
torretta, vicolo
torri, via alle
torstrasse
torti, via giuseppe
toteng�sslein
totentanz
tour espacit�
tour, boulevard de la
tour, passage de la
tour, rue de la
tour-grise, chemin de la
tour-haldimand, avenue
tour-ma�tresse, rue de la
tour-de-bo�l, rue de la
tour-de-champel, chemin
tour-de-l'ile, rue de la
tourbillon, all�e du
tourelle, chemin de la
tourelles, rue des
tourronde, chemin de
toutes-ames, rue de
trabandan, chemin du
trachselweg
traffelet-weg
trait-d'union, chemin du
traktorenstrasse
tram, ruelle du
tramg�ssli
tramhaltestelle eigerplat
tramstrasse
tranch�es, boulevard des
traubenstrasse
traubenweg
traugottstrasse
traverse, sentiero alle
traversi�re, rue
trechselstrasse
treichlerstrasse
treille, rampe de la
treille, rue de la
treina, promenade jean-
trembley, avenue
trenschenstieg
treuackerstrasse
trevani, via famiglia
treyblanc, chemin du
treymont, rue de
trezzini, via
triangle, chemin du
tribschenstrasse
tribunal-f�d�ral, av. du
tricentenaire, place du
trichtenhausenfussweg
trichtenhausenstrasse
triemlihalde
triemliplatz
triemlistrasse
trilleng�sslein
trittligasse
trois-perdrix, place des
trois-portes, chemin de
trois-rois, chemin des
trolliet, chemin gilbert-
trollstrasse
tronchin, rue
troncs, rue des
trottenstrasse
trottenweg
trottenwiesenstrasse
tro�nes, chemin des
truite, chemin de la
truite, rue de la
tr�elweg
tr�llenbuck
tr�llenbuckstieg
tr�llhofhalde
tr�llhofstrasse
tr�sor, rue du
tscharnerstrasse
tscheneyweg
tschudistrasse
tschumi, rue adolphe-
tschuopis
tuggenerstrasse
tuilerie, chemin de la
tuilerie, rue de la
tulipes, chemin des
tulipiers, chemin des
tulla, chemin
tulpenstrasse
tulpenweg
tuna, sentiero del
tunnel, place du
tunnel, rue du
tunnelg�sschen
tunnels, chemin des
tunnels, rue des
tunnelstrasse
tunnelweg
turbinenstrasse
turmgasse
turmhaldenstrasse
turmstrasse
turnersteig
turnerstrasse
turnhallenstrasse
turnierstrasse
turnweg
turrettini, quai
tuschgenweg
tutilostrasse
twerenbold
typographeng�ssli
typographes, ruelle des
t�distrasse
t�fernstrasse
t�fernweg
t�ffenwies
t�fweg
t�listrasse
t�llingerstrasse
t�ndelistrasse
t�pferstrasse
t�rkheimerstrasse
t�rlimattstrasse
t�schmatte
t�schmattstrasse
t�ssertobelstrasse
t�ssfeldstrasse
t�sstalstrasse
t�ssuferweg
t�te-de-ran, rue de
uchtern
udelbodenrain
udelbodenstrasse
ueberlandstrasse
uetliberghalde
uetlibergstrasse
uferstrasse
uferweg
uhlandstrasse
ullmannstrasse
ulmbergstrasse
ulmenstrasse
ulmenweg
ulrich-hegner-strasse
ulrich-ochsenbein-weg
ulrichstrasse
undo-endo
ungarb�hlstieg
ungarb�hlstrasse
union, chemin de l'
union, rue de l'
unionsgasse
unionstrasse
universit� de lausanne
universit�, avenue de l'
universit�, place de l'
universit�, rue de l'
universit�t bern
universit�tstrasse
unter br�glingen
unter der batterie
unter der egg
unter-geissenstein
unterbodenhof
unterdorf
unterdorfstrasse
untere briggerstrasse
untere dattenbergstrasse
untere dorfstrasse
untere geerenstrasse
untere gerberstrasse
untere halde
untere hauptgasse
untere hohlgasse
untere kirchgasse
untere kr�zern
untere lindentalstrasse
untere rebgasse
untere rheingasse
untere schleifestrasse
untere sch�ntalstrasse
untere vogelsangstrasse
untere wart
untere z�une
unterer aareggweg
unterer batterieweg
unterer br�hl
unterer deutweg
unterer graben
unterer heuberg
unterer hompeliweg
unterer quai
unterer reutlingerweg
unterer rheinweg
unterer schulweg
unterfeldstrasse
unterf�hrung bahnhof
unterf�hrung glas
untergadenmatt
untergasse
untergraben
untergries
unterg�ssli
unterg�tschstrasse
unterhof
unterlachenstrasse
unterl�chlistrasse
untermattweg
untermoosstrasse
unterrengg
unterr�thelbach
unterr�tiweg
unterstadt
unterstrasse
untertor
unterwegli
unterwerkstrasse
unterwiesenstrasse
unterwilrain
uraniastrasse
urnerhofweg
urn�schstrasse
urs graf-strasse
ursprungstrasse
ursulaweg
urwerf
urwerfhalde
usines, rue des
usteristrasse
usterstrasse
utenberg
utenbergstrasse
utengasse
utoquai
utostrasse
uttigenstrasse
vogt, boulevard carl-
vadianstrasse
val di zopp, via
val-d'angrogne, chemin du
val-d'or, chemin du
valais, rue du
valangines, chemin des
valanvron, le
vald�zia, chemin de
valentin, rue du
valfaye, chemin de
vallemaggia, via
vallette, avenue gaspard-
vallin, rue
vallombreuse, av. de la
vallombreuse, ch. de la
vallon, chemin du
vallon, place du
vallon, rue du
vallone, via
vallonnette, avenue de la
vall�e, rue de la
valmarella, via
valmont, avenue de
vanil, chemin du
varemb�, rue de
varenna, via bartolomeo
varesca, via
varesi, via dr. giovanni
varlinweg
varnb�elstrasse
varnoz, rue
varrone, via
vattel, rue emer-de-
vaucher, avenue edmond-
vaucher, ruelle
vauseyon, rue du
vecchio forno, via al
vecio, via carrale del
veilchenstrasse
veilchenweg
vela, via vincenzo
velostation parkterrasse
venedig-strasse
venel, chemin
vennerweg
venusstrasse
verbano, viale
verdaine, rue
verdeil, avenue
verdonnet, chemin de
vereinsweg
verena-conzett-strasse
verenastrasse
verger, chemin du
verger-rond, rue du
vergers, chemin des
verigana, sentiero
vermont, chemin
vermont, rue de
verney, chemin de
verrechnungszentrum
verresius, rue johann-
versoix, rue du
versonnex, rue fran�ois-
vert, chemin
verte, rue
vesalgasse
vessy, route de
vetterliweg
vevey, route de
veyrassat, rue henri-
via cittadella
via lungolago motta
via varenna
viaduc, chemin du
viaduc, rue du
viaduktstrasse
vicaire-savoyard, rue du
vidollet, rue du
vidy, promenade de
vidy, port de
vidy, route de
viererfeldweg
vieux-billard, rue du
vieux-ch�tel, rue de
vieux-cimeti�re, rue du
vieux-coll�ge, chemin du
vieux-coll�ge, rue du
vieux-grenadiers, rue des
vieux-march�, rue du
vieux-moulin, avenue du
vieux-patriotes, rue des
vieux-port, place du
vieux-tilleul, chemin du
vigie, rue de la
vigizzi, via alberto
vigne, sentiero delle
vigne, via alle
vigne, via delle
vigneron, chemin du
vignes, chemin des
vignes-d'argent, ch. des
vignettes, chemin des
vignier, rue
vignoble, avenue du
vignolants, rue des
viktoriaplatz
viktoriarain
viktoriastrasse
villa gibraltar
villa marquise
villa warthenfluh
village, chemin du
village-suisse, rue du
villamont, avenue
villard, chemin de
villardiez, chemin de
villardin, avenue de
villardin, chemin de
villars, chemin de
villenstrasse
villereuse, carrefour de
villereuse, rue de
villette, via
villettemattstrasse
vinaigrerie, ruelle de la
vincent, rue dr-alfred-
vinet, avenue alexandre-
vingle, rue pierre-de-
vingt-deux-cantons, place
vingt-deux-cantons, rue d
vingt-quatre-janvier, av.
violette, quartier de la
violette, rue jean-
viollier, rue
viret, rue pierre-
visconti, via
vittore, via san
vladimir-prelog-weg
vogelherdstrasse
vogelherdweg
vogelmoos
vogelsang
vogelsangstrasse
vogelsangweg
vogelsangweglein
vogesenplatz
vogesenstrasse
vogtsrain
voie du chariot
voie-creuse, la
voies, chemin des
voisins, rue des
volkensbergerstrasse
volkmarstrasse
volksbadstrasse
vollandes, rue des
volontaires, place des
volson, chemin de
voltaire, rue
voltaplatz
voltastrasse
von gunten strasse
von may-strasse
von mentlen, vicolo
von werdt-passage
vonmattstrasse
vonwilstrasse
vorder br�glingen
vorder-espenstrasse
vorderberg
vordere metzggasse
vorderenge
vordergasse
vorderrainstrasse
vorderruopigen
vordersteig
vorhaldenstrasse
vorstadt
vosges, chemin des
vuache, rue du
vuach�re, chemin de la
vuillermet, rue charles-
vulkanplatz
vulkanstrasse
vulliemin, avenue louis-
vulliette, chemin de la
vully, rue du
vy-d'etra
vy-des-champs, la
v�geling�sschen
v�lodrome, rue du
waaggasse
waaghaus-passage
waaghausgasse
wabernstrasse
wachtelstrasse
wachtelweg
wachterweg
waffengasse
waffenplatzstrasse
waffenweg
wagenbachgasse
wagenstrasse
wagner, rue richard-
wagnergasse
wagnerstrasse
waidbadstrasse
waidfussweg
waidstrasse
waisenhausplatz
waisenhausstrasse
walcheplatz
walchestrasse
waldackerstrasse
waldaustrasse
waldeckstrasse
waldegg
waldeggstrasse
waldeggweg
waldenburgerstrasse
waldgartenweg
waldgutstrasse
waldheimstrasse
waldhofstrasse
waldh�heweg
waldighoferstrasse
waldmannstrasse
waldmeisterstrasse
waldmeisterweg
waldrainstrasse
waldschulweg
waldschwimmbad zimmeregg
waldshuterstrasse
waldsteig
waldstrasse
waldst�tterstrasse
waldweg
walenb�chelstrasse
walkestrasse
walkeweg
wallenbachstrasse
wallgasse
wallisellenstrasse
wallr�tistrasse
wallstrasse
walser, place robert-
walserstrasse
waltersbachstrasse
wanderstrasse
wangenstrasse
wankdorfallee
wankdorfcenter
wankdorffeldstrasse
wankdorfstrasse
wannenholzstrasse
wannerstrasse
warmb�chliweg
warnery, avenue
wartackerstrasse
wartauweg
warteggstrasse
wartenbergstrasse
wartenfluh
wartensteinstrasse
wartmannstrasse
wartstrasse
wasen, rue du
wasenstrasse
wasenstr�sschen
wasersteig
waserstrasse
wasgenring
wasserfurristrasse
wassergasse
wassersch�pfi
wasserstrasse
wasserwerkgasse
wasserwerkstrasse
wattbachstrasse
wattenwilweg
wattenwylweg
wattstrasse
wattweg
weber, avenue th�odore-
webergasse
webersbleiche
weberstrasse
weberweg
wechselwiesenstrasse
wegackerstrasse
weggengasse
weggisgasse
weggismattrain
weggismattstrasse
wehntalerstrasse
wehrenbachhalde
wehrlisteig
wehrstrasse
weidauer, chemin
weidengasse
weidenmannstrasse
weidenweg
weidgasse
weidmannstrasse
weidmattweg
weidstrasse
weidweg
weierholzstrasse
weierh�he
weiermattstrasse
weierstrasse
weierweid
weihergasse
weiherhofstrasse
weihersteig
weiherstrasse
weiherweg
weiherweidstrasse
weilerweg
weinbergfussweg
weinberglistrasse
weinbergstrasse
weinbergweg
weineggstrasse
weingartenweg
weingartstrasse
weinmarkt
weinplatz
weinsteig
weisse gasse
weissenb�hlweg
weissenrain
weissenstein, rue du
weissensteinstrasse
weisshau
weissweg
weite gasse
weitlingweg
weizackerstrasse
weizenstrasse
welchogasse
welschmattstrasse
weltistrasse
weltpoststrasse
wendschatzstrasse
wendt, avenue
wengistrasse
wenigerstrasse
werchlaubeng�ssli
werdgartengasse
werdg�sschen
werdh�lzlistrasse
werdinsel
werdm�hleplatz
werdm�hlestrasse
werdstrasse
werdtweg
werftestrasse
werikonweg
werkgasse
werkhofstrasse
werkstrasse
wernerstrasse
wesemlin-terrasse
wesemlinh�heweg
wesemlinrain
wesemlinring
wesemlinstrasse
westb�hlstrasse
westcenter
westerholz
westquaistrasse
weststrasse
wetlistrasse
wettachstrasse
wettingerstrasse
wettingerwies
wettsteinallee
wettsteinplatz
wettsteinstrasse
weyermannsstrasse
weystrasse
wibichstrasse
wickenweg
widdergasse
widenweg
widlenstrasse
widmenwiesstrasse
widmerstrasse
widumweg
wiedingstrasse
wielandplatz
wien-strasse
wienerbergstrasse
wiesenbachstrasse
wiesendamm
wiesendangerstrasse
wiesenplatz
wiesenschanzweg
wiesenstrasse
wiesentalstrasse
wiesenthal
wiesenweg
wieshofstrasse
wieslergasse
wiesliacher
wieslibachstrasse
wieslistrasse
wildbachstrasse
wildeggstrasse
wildensteinerstrasse
wildenstrasse
wildenweg
wildermettweg
wildhainweg
wildschutzweg
wildstrasse
wilenstrasse
wilerberg, chemin
wilerbergweg
wilfriedstrasse
wilhelm his-strasse
wilhelm klein-strasse
wilhelm-kutter-weg
wilhelmsh�he
wilhelmstrasse
willadingweg
wilson, quai
windegghof
windeggstieg
windeggstrasse
wingertlistrasse
winkelbachstrasse
winkelried, rue
winkelried, rue arnold
winkelriedplatz
winkelriedstrasse
winkelstrasse
winkelwiese
winterb�hl
winterfeldweg
wintergasse
winterholzstrasse
wintermattweg
wintersingerweg
winterthurerstrasse
winzerhalde
winzerstrasse
winzigen
wipkingerplatz
wipkingerweg
wirbelwies
wirzenweid
wissmannstrasse
witellikerstrasse
witikonerstrasse
wittigkofenweg
wittlingerstrasse
wohllebgasse
wohnstadion kirchenacker
wolfbachstrasse
wolfb�hlstrasse
wolfensbergstrasse
wolfgang-pauli-strasse
wolfganghof
wolfgangstrasse
wolfgangweg
wolframplatz
wolfswinkel
wollbacherstrasse
wonnebergstrasse
wotanstrasse
wuhrstrasse
wuhrweg
wunderlistrasse
wurmb�hlstrasse
wydenauweg
wydenstrasse
wydenweg
wyderrain
wydlerweg
wydumstrasse
wyd�ckerring
wylandstrasse
wylerfeldstrasse
wylergasse
wylerringstrasse
wylerstrasse
wysard, rue elise-
wyss, ruelle
wyss-g�ssli
wyssenb�hlsteig
wyssgasse
wyssweg
wyttenbach, rue thomas-
wyttenbachstrasse
w�genwaldstrasse
w�hre
w�hrenwiesen
w�ldlistrasse
w�lfflinweg
w�lflingerstrasse
w�lflistrasse
w�rzenbachhalde
w�rzenbachmatte
w�rzenbachstrasse
w�rzgrabenstrasse
w�rzwies
w�sserwiesenstrasse
yachtclub
yung, rue emile-
yverdon, avenue d'
zahnradstrasse
zanetti, via degana
zanggerweg
zaunweg
zedernweg
zederstrasse
zeerlederstrasse
zeglingerweg
zehenderm�tteli
zehnderweg
zehntenhausstrasse
zeigerweg
zeinenweg
zeisigweg
zeitglockenlaube
zelghalde
zelglistrasse
zelgmatt
zelgstrasse
zelgweg
zelgwiesenstrasse
zellerstrasse
zeltweg
zentralstrasse
zentweg
zeppelinstrasse
zeughaus-passage
zeughausgasse
zeughausstrasse
zeugwartgasse
zeunerstrasse
zibeleg�ssli
ziegelackerstrasse
ziegeleiweg
ziegelhaustrasse
ziegelstrasse
zieglerspital
zieglerstrasse
zielackerstrasse
zielstrasse
zielweg
zihlmattweg
zihlstrasse
zikadenweg
zilstrasse
zilweg
zimmeregg
zimmererweg
zimmergasse
zimmerlistrasse
zimmerstrasse
zimmerweg
zinggentorstrasse
zinggstrasse
zinistrasse
zinnengasse
zinzikerbergstrasse
zinzikerstrasse
zinzikerweg
zionsweg
zollerweg
zollhausstrasse
zollikerstrasse
zollstrasse
zoppi, via giuseppe
zorzi, largo franco
zorzi, via franco
zschokkestrasse
zschokkeweg
zu den drei linden
zuberweg
zukunftstrasse
zum bischofstein
zum hilsenstein
zum h�lzli
zum park
zum sillerblick
zumbachweg
zur gempenfluh
zur kesselschmiede
zur frohen aussicht
zurich, rue de
zurlinden, rue
zurlindenstrasse
zweiackerstrasse
zweibruggenm�hlestrasse
zweierstrasse
zweigstrasse
zwingelhofgasse
zwingerstrasse
zwingliplatz
zwinglistrasse
zwirnerhalde
zwirnerstrasse
zwischenb�chen
zwyssigstrasse
zw�ngiweg
zyb�riweg
zylistrasse
zypressenstrasse
zytglogge-passage
zytgloggelaube
z�hringerplatz
z�hringerstrasse
z�hringerzentrum
z�ndelgutstrasse
z�ndelweg
z�rcher strasse
z�rcherstrasse
z�richbergstrasse
z�richholzstrasse
z�richstrasse
cery
�rztehaus l�tzelmatt
�usserer rettenbachweg